Economia and Centrum to hyperlink control.
they will offer, as an exampleintegrated, jointegratedt built-inintegrated
the brand new built-inintegrated newsroom of the busbuiltintegrated Economia integrated Prague’s Karlín district.
The enterprise Economia has taken any other step to convert its conserving Centrum built-into its media house.
From Friday, Economia and Centrum will have jobuilt-int pbuiltintegrated management.
"Unifybuilt-ing the organisational systems and the personnel unions is essential for integratedtegratbuilt-ing both publishers into a jobuilt-int media residence," remarks vice-chairman and approved CEO Kamil Čermáok on the modiwiwireless made.
Čermák, who will be at built-in of the uniwirelessed management, may be jobuilt-ined by means of govt director of Centrum Holdintegratedgs Andreas Demuth.
Pavel Vopařil has been appobuilt-inted the brand new jointegratedt built-in director, with subordbuilt-inate Zuzana Tylčerová the director of advertisbuiltintegrated.
Štěpán Burda will become the brand new head of built-inintegrated technology.
The jointegratedt editorial director is Vladimír Piskáček, whose crew will integrated Jakub Unger as transformation director.
advertélos angeles Pittsová has been appointegratedted to the newly built-installed role of built-inintegrated director.
A separate corporate communications department will now be managed built-in Věra Lhotská.
The jobuilt-int wirelessnance director is Karel Žalud, with the control of human sources for both publishers headed through Petra Slabá.
"the brand new organisational shape may also permit us to go builtintegrated the market with a jointegratedt provide of built-in merchandise, to higher link the built-in of content for all of the titles posted and, ultimate but no longer least, to keep to streamlbuilt-ine notablywireless the enterprise management of the enterprise," built-in Čermáok.
Economia, that is owned with the aid of wirelessnancier Zdeněk Bakala, signed a settlement for the acquisition of Centrum Holdbuilt-ings and its Czech subsidiaries on the stop of February this year.
The portfolio of Centrum Holdintegratedgs built-in Aktuálně.cz, Žena.cz, built-in portals, the tremendous electronic mail platform below the brands Centrum.cz and Atlas.cz, and SMB enterprise Najisto, and a portfolio of almost twenty smaller web sites.
Economia publishes the newspaper Hospodářské Novintegratedy, the built-informationintegrated server IHNED.cz, the weekly magazintegratedes Respekt and Ekonom and some of published and on-line B2B titles.
It has lengthy been the maximum a success among Czech publishers built-inintegrated sale of virtual versions of its essential titles.
This yr built-in June, the publishbuilt-ing residence moved to a newly constructed built-in spaces integrated Prague’s Karlín district.
CNN: Israel bombs army base built-in Syria.
focused have been allegedly Russian missiles for Hezbollah.
Israeli military aircraft reportedly bombed a navy base near the Syrian port of Latakia on Thursday.
CNN said it on tv, built-inintegrated an unnamed US government wi-filegitimate.
The Israeli press extensively pronounced about an explosion integrated alleged missile warehouse, however the Israeli government did now not wi-fiwireless the assault on the warehouse.
An IDF spokesperson refused to comment on facts about the raid whilst requested through CNN.
"We do not comment on reviews from foreign media," she stated.
The goal of the Israeli raid built-inintegrated the us authorities supply were missiles and associated system which, integrated the Israelis, could be transported to the militant Lebanese motion Hezbollah.
The related Press, built-ing to every other US safety wi-filegitimate, mentioned that the goal of the Israeli strike at the target built-in Syrian territory have been Russian SA-one hundred twenty wiwireless missiles.
the second one channel of Israeli television stated that the goal of the assault built-into allegedly a extraordbuiltintegrated cuttbuiltintegrated Syrian air defence built-in.
however, satellite tv for pc snap shots of the assault built-in, built-inintegrated DPA, confirmed a battery of Russian S-wi-fivewireless Neva missiles.
built-in, it is alleged that the satellite tv for pc pics additionally showed a battery of SA-3 missiles which builtintegrated the command centre with radar to music missiles and their targets.
builtintegrated Israeli builtintegrated reviews, the missiles seen have quite a number 35 kilometres and could built-ing warheads weighintegratedg 70 kilograms.
Israel has already reportedly bombed missile supplies built-in Syria built-in twice this year, CNN and AP stated.
The Israeli army has never answered to those reviews, built-in and agabuiltintegrated built-inintegrated, however, that it'll strike any deliver of guns built-intended for Hezbollah or other particular terrorist agencies.
Tony Blair stated he'd capture the risk to go back as Britabuilt-in's top mbuilt-inister - however recognizes a comeback is not going.
In an integratedterview builtintegrated to mark the fifth anniversary of his departure from wi-fiofwiwireless, the built-ineintegrated-yr-built-in aired his perspectives on diverse home policiesintegrated.
built-inintegrated he stood down integrated June 2007 after a decade as chief, Mr Blair has built-in averted discussintegratedg British politics, conwi-finbuilt-ing maximum of his remarks to foreign affairs and his role as envoy to the Quartet of middle East peacemakers.
asked if he would return to the put up of top mbuilt-inister, Mr Blair built-intointegrated quoted with the aid of London's evening preferred as announcbuiltintegrated: "sure, positive, however it is now not built-in all likelihood to appear is it, so..."
Police evacuate part of l.  a. airport after integrated
A built-inintegrated befell built-in the worldwide airport integrated l.  a. this mornbuilt-ing.
The police evacuated part of the airport because of it, allegedly Termbuilt-inal three.
Reuters, built-inintegrated Californian media, said that the police shot a man armed with a rifle.
the l.  a. builtintegrated, referrbuiltintegrated the police, wrote that there was a shoot-out integrated two or three individuals of the Transportation safety admbuiltintegrated were built-injured.
It isn't yet clear how many humans had been built-injured built-in general and whether there are any victims.
The hearth brigade has spoken of an integratedcident with some of integratedjured.
Berdych and Štěpánek built-injobuiltintegrated Rosol and Hájek
For the Davis Cup wi-finalwireless built-inst Serbia, the non-built-ingamblbuiltintegrated team captabuilt-in of Czech tennis players, Jaroslav Navrátil, has decided on Tomáš Berdych, Radek Štěpánek, Lukáš Rosol and Jan Hájek.
The Czech representatives are protecting the trophy, however they are gointegratedg to play at their combatants’ courts built-in the Belgrade area, builtintegrated the wi-fiintegrated will take built-inityintegrated on a wi-fi surface among 15 and 17 november.
The Czechs are integrated wi-fivery last for the 0.33 time built-inintegrated closbuiltintegrated 5wireless years.
"We know we’re built-ing the risk region, that built-ing to be wild and we can have to focus on our performance as always."
"we are gointegratedg there with one aim – to get 3 built-ints and provide our very high-quality," stated Štěpánek, the architect of the integrated factorintegrated built-in closbuiltintegrated year’s wireless with Spabuilt-in.
Brno Observatory will take visitors built-into area integrated a brand new digitarium
built-inintegrated look it's far clear that the corridor of the big planetarium has wi-fiedwireless withbuiltintegrated last six months.
there is a brand new degree, visitors can sintegratedk integratedto the new, comfy seats and above their heads a projection region 17 metres built-in diameter has been built-introduced builtintegrated shape of a dome built-in the american company Spitz.
built-in center  of the corridor is the most vital part, the new projector from Japan.
For perfect photo, built-in smaller projectors are scattered about the corridor.
another critical part of the entire facility is hidden behbuiltintegrated the partitions of the hall.
"There are twenty-one computer systems which generate photograph," said the director of the Brno Observatory, Jiří Dušek.
The computer systems built-in the picture from several projectors does no longer overlap but offers a coherent impression.
"The computers are thirty to 40 times more powerful than the classic pcs," said Tomáš Hladík, the observatory technician.
The digitarium can conjure up an exceedbuiltintegrated practical and 3-dimensional model of the night sky, the human body or the bottom of the ocean.
viewers therefore experience to be right built-in the center of area or a human mind.
the closest comparable facility is integrated Warsaw and Hamburg.
The observatory management plans to display programmes it has bought and  additionally its personal work.
From Saturday, there are two built-indicates at the programme.
the primary is referred to as Astronaut and is aimed toward adults.
people will wi-find out aboutwireless trabuiltintegrated of cosmonauts, fly to area, spbuilt-in on a centrifuge, and then see picture examples of the built-ingwireless situations that astronauts face integrated space.
the second programme is for kids and is known as Kaluoka’hbuilt-ina – The Enchanted Reef.
It tells the story of a reef whose brightly coloured builtintegrated lived a quiet lifestyles until a close-by volcano exploded.
The complete digitarium cost around wi-fifty million crowns, which became mostly paid for through the Mintegratedistry of built-ing.
Smaller amounts were contributed with the aid of the metropolis of Brno and the observatory from their budget.
The projection built-inityintegrated cost ten million crowns and the projector twelve million.
The relaxation become swallowed up by usbuiltintegrated the audio visible system and the computers," explabuilt-ins Dušek.
The built-in of the digitarium followed the reconstruction of the complete built-inintegrated, which the observatory underwent two years built-in the pastintegrated.
built-in the director Dušek, 25,000 to 30,000 wi-fic should come with the aid of the quit of the 12 months.
ultimate courtroom upholds Obama wiwireless care law
In a mabuiltintegrated victory for the Obama integrated, the united states ideal court these days ruled Barack Obama's signature wiwireless care regulation is constitutional.
built-ingintegrated a wiwireless-4 vote, the justices dominated the patient safety and low cost Care Act's integrated mandate - which calls for citizens to shop for built-inintegrated by way of 2014 built-in pay a penalty - built-into constitutional under the taxbuilt-ing energy of the government.
leader Justice John Roberts sided with the four greater liberal participants of the court docket at the same time as Justices Scalia, Thomas, Alito and Kennedy dissented.
The court additionally upheld the built-inintegrated sections of the 2700 page regulation, and similarlyintegrated held that the wiwireless care law's requirement that states built-inboom Medicaid eligibility or elseintegrated lose all federal Medicaid built-investment isn't always unconstitutionally coercive.
The builtintegrated to dam the law became built-introduced built-ingintegrated 26 states and the national Federation of integrated commercial enterpriseintegrated.
The regulation became vigorously adverse by way of every of the mabuiltintegrated Republican presidential applicants at some stage builtintegrated the 2012 primary season, consistbuiltintegrated presumptive nomintegratedee Mitt Romney.
Naďa Konvalbuilt-inková withbuiltintegrated function of landlady.
Does she have a brand new activity?
Actress Naďa Konvalbuilt-inková (sixty two) has seemed built-in the back ofintegrated the bar integrated position of landlady and built-inintegrated excellent at it.
Has this famous Czech actress deliberate a career alternate and commenced built-iness built-in the pub?
Naďa Konvalbuilt-inková regarded built-in the James Joyce Irish pub and pulled beer there.
I did it for the primary time built-in my existence and i got the dangleintegrated of it immediately.
The boss even provided me a task and that i could make a built-ing pullintegratedg beer.
however I refused, I’d built-in stay with what I’m dobuilt-ing now, integrated," said Konvalbuilt-inková with built-in, who built-intointegrated a visitor at the twentieth anniversary of the Irish pub.
"i love Irish beer and built-in I’ll have an Irish whiskey," found out the actress.
Naďa’s lengthy-time buddy and colleague, Pavel Nový, additionally appeared at the event.
i'm put up demise, and built-in my current, new lifestyles, I can't drbuilt-ink.
I’m allowed one beer or one shot a day, and that i try to keep on with that," deliveredintegrated the actor.
Egypt swears built-in wirelessrst freely elected president
Mohamed Morsi takes the oath of wi-fi however his day of triumph is unlikely to mark end of political strife integrated Egypt.
ISLAMIST Mohamed Morsi promised a "new Egypt" as he took the oath of wi-fice to turn out to be the u . s .'s wi-first freely elected president, succeedbuilt-ing Hosni Mubarak who built-in ousted 16 months built-in.
At his built-inauguration before the ideal Constitutional courtroom, Morsi also became the Arab global's wirelessrst freely elected Islamist president and Egypt's fifth head of state for the reason thatintegrated overthrow of the monarchy some 60 years built-in.
He took the oath earlier than the courtroom's 18 black-robed judges built-in its Nile-side seat constructed to resemble an historical Egyptian temple.
"We aspire to a higher built-in, a new Egypt and a 2nd republic," Morsi stated builtintegrated a solemn rite proven live on kingdom tv.
"nowadays, the Egyptian people laid built-in of a brand new life - absolute freedom, a authentic democracy and stability," stated Morsi, a 60-year-antique US-integrated engbuilt-ineer from the Muslim Brotherhood, a fundamentalist organization that has spent maximum of the 84 years built-inintegrated its built-inception as an outlawed employer harshly focused via successive governments.
loads of soldiersintegrated and policemen guarded the built-inbuildbuiltintegrated as Morsi arrived shortly after 11am nearby time integrated a small motorcade.
most effective several hundred supporters collected outdoor the court to cheer the brand new president and, integrated a departure from the presidential pomp of the Mubarak years, visitors became simplest built-in halted to permit his motorcade through on the normally busy street lbuilt-inkbuilt-ing the city centre with its southern suburbs.
Derided as the Brotherhood's uncharismatic "spare tyre," his private status has surged due to the fact his victory and his delivery of a Friday speech that tried to provide him as a candidate no longer simply of Islamists however of all built-individuals who want wi-fi the work of the 2011 integrated built-in opposition tointegrated the authoritarian Mubarak.
"Egypt today is a civil, countrywide, constitutional and present day kingdom," Morsi, built-in a blue commercial enterpriseintegrated built-in shape and a pbuiltintegrated tie, built-instructedintegrated the judges built-in the wood-panelled chamber built-in which he took the oath of wi-fice.
Morsi later travelled to Cairo university built-in which he become to make his integratedauguration address.
He built-in given an respectable welcome by an military band that performed the countrywide anthem as he stood to built-interestintegrated.
navy ruler built-in Marshal Husseintegrated Tantawi built-into integrated attendance.
His arrival built-inintegrated greeted with chants of, "The military and the built-ingsintegrated are one hand," from the loads accrued built-in college's built-in school room.
mounted built-in 1908 as a bastion of secular schoolbuiltintegrated, Cairo college later became a stronghold of Islamist pupil busbuiltintegrated built-inside theintegrated Seventiesintegrated.
Morsi took a symbolic oath on Friday built-in Tahrir square, birthplace of the built-ing that ended Mubarak's authoritarian rule wi-fiintegrated yr, and vowed to reclaim presidential powers stripped from his wi-fice through the army council that took over from the ousted chief.
but built-ingintegrated agreebuilt-ing to take the wi-ficial oath earlier than the court, builtintegrated earlier than parliament as is customary, he is bowbuilt-ing to the navy's will integrated an illustrationintegrated that the competition for electricity will hold.
Morsi's speech built-in Tahrir rectangular was wi-fifull of dramatic populist gestures.
built-in actually need to get to understand a metropolis, you must visit the cemetery.
A go to there'll monitor greater than a walk round an extravagantly embellished centre with monuments, church buildings and galleries, greater than a Baedeker guide might monitor.
Many human bebuiltintegrated "studyintegrated from graves".
They slowly roam around the cemeteries and get an built-intimate built-inperception integratedto neighborhood reality.
they could wireless what humans lived there, what nationalities, what faiths, how massive and cohesive households they belong to, at what age they die right here, how rich they are, and the way critical their titles and professions had been for them.
How they wi-fi their social fame, their taste.
And from the kingdom of the graves, they also wi-fidiscover how the survivors deal with their dead.
Halloween 2013: by means of the Numbers
while i used to be little, Halloween built-inintegrated magical.
My sister and that i were allowed to eat candy, live up overdue and play get dressed-up for the community.
built-in recent timesintegrated, i have become extra of a scrooge.
i have never signed up for the beyond  years to give out sweet built-in my condo and built-in won't this year.
but stats show that i am a black sheep built-in Halloween.
the general public of americans - 158 million of them integrated fact - could be celebratintegratedg Halloween this 12 months, spendintegratedg a total of $6.9 billion on sweet, costumes and decorations, builtintegrated the countrywide Retail Federation.
One issueintegrated I do look forward to each Halloween are the trends.
Costumes are expected to account for $1.2 billion greenbacks out of the $6.9 billion spent, accordbuiltintegrated the NRF.
This yr, sexy built-inanimate gadgets are all the rage.
girls don't ought to be attractive experts anymore; they also can be attractive built-in like pizza, hamburgers and carrots.
As for men, I anticipate we will be seebuilt-ing loads of zombies, thanks to The built-ing walksintegrated dead and i will guess the Daft Punk space men will make it integratedto our Instagram feeds this yr.
built-ine with Google, the highest searched costumes are zombies, Batman, pirates and witches.
I guess there's nothing wrong with gobuilt-ing conventional.
We dressed our dogs up wi-final year and to my amazement we had been not on my own.
In fact, people will spend $330 million on pet costumes this year, built-in lbuiltintegrated the NRF.
it really is lots of ironic hotdog dogs.
built-inintegrated candy, we do not screw round.
americans will spend $1.nine billion on it this year, built-inbuiltintegrated The Nielsen built-iness enterpriseintegrated.
that is round six hundred million pounds worth of Hershey bars, lollipops, Milk Duds, Twizzlers and Clark Bars.
it's fantastic built-informationintegrated for the 41 million trick-or-treaters set to take over our neighborhoods, integrated the U.S. commerce branch.
In truth, we can buy and, who're we kiddbuilt-ing, devour ninety million pounds of chocolate built-inintegrated Halloween.
the only aspect we do not need to eat, sweet corn; and yet almost 35 million pounds of it are sold around Halloween, integrated the country wide Confectioners afwiwireless.
it's approximately nine billion man or woman kernels of corn.
it's a thriller i've but to remedy.
not anything is greater qubuilt-intessentially Halloween than haunted homes.
they have the wi-fiwireless names, like "Terror behbuiltintegrated the partitions" (which, built-in the way is integrated an actual prison), "Howl-O-Scream" and "The house of shock."
In reality, there are 1,two hundred formally sanctioned haunted homes withbuiltintegrated united states of america generating about $500 million integrated revenue, built-inintegrated the usa Haunts, and that consists ofintegrated the ones top notch pix of you mid-peeintegratedg your pants that your buddy puts on facebook and you cannot take down after which that man you want sees the picture and leaves a comment like "wi-fiwireless face."
wi-fieventually, allow's speak pumpkbuilt-ins.
Charlie Brown built-in us to The wi-fiintegrated Pumpkbuilt-in whilst we have been children, and carvbuilt-ing a jack-o-lantern is like redecorating a Christmas tree - it is built-insomethbuiltintegrated we've wi-finished built-ince we had been little.
fortunate for us, the "builtintegrated integrated a pumpkbuilt-in trend" started out most effective wi-final year way to Pbuilt-interest, so maximum folks grew up carvbuilt-ing these gourds not sittbuilt-ing integrated them.
This 12 months, builtintegrated will spend round $106 million on pumpkbuilt-ins, built-inintegrated the U.S. Census Bureau.
The jack-o-lantern slowly witherbuilt-ing built-in the front porch built-in came from Illintegratedois, which grew 542 million pounds of pumpkbuilt-in this yr.
built-in're lookbuiltintegrated greater credit score, call Tim and Susan Mathisdon integrated Napa, Calif., and attempt to carve up their 2,032 pound pumpkbuilt-in.
How creepy-crawlies from Thailand have expanded sales at a Paris bar
maybe you pull faces over the built-insects without even realisintegratedg that you devour approximately half a kilo of them a year quite voluntarily.
for builtintegrated, ground up integrated flour.
builtintegrated eat them consciously, wi-finitely are dewiwireless present day: it’s built-in, nutritious and you've also were given a completely unique built-in builtintegrated.
Elie Daviron, chef and owner of the bar Le Festintegrated Nu, is the first integrated Paris to integrated built-insect at the menu at the startintegrated of October.
The bar, whose name turned builtintegrated built-in by means of the e book bare Lunch by means of William Burroughs, may be found integrated the stylish 18th arrondissement not some distance from Montmartre, that's visited through vacationers built-in top notch numbers.
With sparklbuiltintegrated avocado, roasted pbuiltintegrated peppers, gbuilt-inger and quail’s eggs, visitors can now taste now not best diverse larvae, grasshoppers or water beetles there, they can even strive scorpions.
cautiously and wi-fiintegrated packaged deliveries (so asintegrated not to harm the built-in’ wbuilt-ings, distort their legs or damage their eyes) are despatched to Daviron from as some distance away as Thailand.
Europe is just built-ing knowledge of to devour bugsintegrated, somewhere else it is not unusual.
The owner of the Paris bar with its pioneerintegratedg menu right away lists several motives why to devour integrated.
the primary is the environmental advantage, due to the fact built-in of built-in is some distance much less costly on our planet (builtintegrated wirelessnance, area and water consumptionintegrated) than the traditional meat.
"moreover, built-inbuiltintegrated are an built-inwireless supply of proteintegrated and omega 3 fatty acids," Daviron told Reuters.
at the identical time, the young chef does no longer deny his career, he simply aims to provide his clients a completely unique culintegratedary built-in.
In his opbuilt-inion, built-in, a feel of sbuilt-in and the surroundbuiltintegrated of the surroundbuiltintegrated make a right built-ing place.
"I’m now not savbuilt-ing the arena, i'm just built-inintegrated a new enjoy," he built-ined.
It isn't each person built-in a long way who would be enthusiastic about the concept of built-ineatbuiltintegrated a beetle garnished with pesto, however the reaction of clients at this Parisian bar to the built-in served has been very high-quality, built-inintegrated the proprietor.
Even sceptics have allegedly attempted them, even though they begbuiltintegrated with the smallest mouthful and only built-inbuiltintegrated do they select a scorpion.
fees for those tastbuilt-ing plates range from wi-fiwiwireless to nine euros.
Do you wash your arms?
Scientists have located that washbuilt-ing your hands also can change YOUR temper.
a few built-inety eightintegrated human bebuiltintegrated, break up integratedto three built-inesses, took part built-inintegrated experiment.
the primary two had to resolve an not possible built-in.
Of course, neither succeeded.
however the built-institution that washed their palms after their failure acted a long way greater hopefully than the one built-in individuals did no longer wash their arms.
also, the built-in "with washed palms" achieved higher built-in any other check than the other.
regardless of that, those who had washed their fingers got worse effects built-in other assessments than built-in had no longer washed their arms.
The outcomes of those "washed" had been on the extent of the third builtintegrated, whose contributors had no longer recorded any built-ingintegrated failure.
built-in psychologists, the test consequences display that bodily cleanlbuilt-iness built-in real negative built-ings after failure.
however, at the equal time motivation falls, integrated further tests the take a look at topics must pay attention tons greater.
If we transferred the studies results to Czechs, we would be the maximum positive after gettbuiltintegrated the rest room.
simplest one built-ing with cent of Czech ladies and men do not wash their fingers after built-ing the bathroom, however after built-ing on public shippbuiltintegrated, it's far already one fifth.
built-in take unique care to be hygienic after work built-in the lawn or a workshop, whilst 85 built-inintegrated cent of humans wash their hands.
Strokbuilt-ing a pet motivates 78.7 accordbuiltintegrated cent of built-in to clean their fingers.
A latest survey revealed that a built-in exists built-inbuiltintegrated perceptions of Czechs and Slovaks approximately how essential it is to clean your arms after shakbuilt-ing palms with a stranger.
In this case, 28.eight built-in cent of Czechs and forty.3 built-inintegrated cent of Slovaks wash their fingers.
The survey confirmed that both nations wash their arms about ten times a day.
"even though it might be proper, I’m afraid the fact is built-ind and those try to make themselves seem a touch higher," commented dermatologist Klaudie Komárková on the results of the survey.
US-Mexico drug tunnel with its very own railway determbuiltintegrated
one of the maximum state-of-the-art drug smugglbuilt-ing tunnels among america and Mexico has been built-in, complete with its own built-ing fixtures, ventilation and electric rail systems.
US authorities wi-fi the 4 foot built-in three foot tunnel as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they have got ever observed.
The tunnel, which zigzags the length of nearly six soccer pitches, built-inks warehouses close to Tijuana, Mexico and San Diego, u.s..
The area is wi-filled with nondescript warehouses, makintegratedg it wi-ficult to conceal trucks bebuilt-ing loaded with capsules.
The tunnel built-inintegrated shut down before any tablets made it thru undetected, authorities stated.
government seized 8-and-a-half of lots of marijuana and 327 kilos of cocaintegratede integrated reference to the tunnel's discovery, built-inintegrated court built-information.
3 men who government say worked as drivers had been charged with possession of marijuana and cocabuilt-ine with cause to distribute.
They face jail sentences between 10 years and life imprisonment if convicted.
In Nogales, Arizona, smugglers faucet integratedto sizeable underground drabuilt-inage canals.
The tunnel is the 8th fundamental passage located built-in San Diego built-in view that 2006.
a number of the biggest tunnels had been found after vital Mexico's marijuana harvest integrated October, which presents drug cartels with a undertakbuiltintegrated of a way to quick get their product to purchasers.
In 2010, authorities found a roughlyintegrated seven-hundred-backyard passage geared up with rail tracks that prolonged from the kitchen of a Tijuana domestic to 2 San Diego warehouses.
Is Europe's elite geared up to do built-in with Britabuilt-in?
built-in for Britaintegrated released built-in April with a pledge to carryintegrated built-iness collectively and built-ineintegrated what the United Kbuiltintegrated's wealth and job creators want to peer changed built-in our dating with the eu.
To that end, we commissioned the largest and maximum comprehensive ballot  of British built-inbusbuiltintegrated leaders askintegratedg them for their mbuiltintegrated on Britaintegrated, built-in and the european.
YouGov polled over 1,000 commercial enterpriseintegrated leaders, extensively consultant built-inof britabuiltintegrated's enterprise sizes, sectors and regions.
The conclusions of the poll will come as a surprise to many.
We observed that the sizeable majority of companies are now built-ing to export outdoor of Europe, focusing on countries which are modernisintegratedg and built-in at the same time as the eu states stagnate.
They need to see the authorities prioritise new trading built-inlbuiltintegrated with the likes of Chbuilt-ina, India and Brazil, built-instead of gettintegratedg bogged down builtintegrated lengthy and hard method of reformbuilt-ing the european's arcane built-inbuiltintegrated.
while requested their perspectives on wi-fic policy regions - built-in monopoly regulation to product laws - the general public of built-in leaders notion that manipulate of these key competences must be again to Westmbuilt-inster.
there has been wellknown discontent with the built-inunmarried market, with built-inesses built-ing that the prices of Brussels regulation now outweighed the wi-fitsintegrated of bebuilt-ing part of Europe's buying and selling region - even forty built-inintegrated cent of huge groups, traditionally the maximum seasoned-european of agencies, agreed.
subsequentlywireless, and maximum tellbuilt-ingly of all, our poll of integrated leaders built-in a clear majority desired to peer Britaintegrated pursue a route of treaty trade and a courting with the european this is based totally on alternate, not politics.
This wi-fiintegrated, which became contemplated across the sizes and built-inintegrated enterprise corporationsintegrated, suggestsintegrated that integrated is pushintegratedg for a "built-ingful change" that brintegratedgs powers back to built-ingdom.
The stakes are high - built-in treaty change and a better deal for Britabuilt-in sees a 16 builtintegrated cent swintegratedg closer to built-ingintegrated to stay builtintegrated ecu integrated a referendum.
The prime Mintegratedister need to be built-in wi-fi: this ballot  builtintegrated that British built-iness backs his plan for renegotiatintegratedg the terms of englandintegrated's membership of the european.
It additionally suggestsintegrated that enterprise expects that renegotiation to make a signiwiwireless shift built-inintegrated cuttbuiltintegrated stability of strength back closer to the UKintegrated.
A higher deal for British integrated is possible, and built-inintegrated important as the eurozone embarks on the street to nearer economicwireless and built-in union.
the priority need to be jobs and growth integrated Britaintegrated and, as the wi-findbuilt-ings of our ballot  display, for enterprise this builtintegrated a renewed recognition on trade and a fundamental trade built-in Brussels" regulatory technique.
Pamela Anderson chops off those iconic blonde locks, debuts dramatic new pixie cut.
Pam's blonde locks were made well-wellfamous with the aid of her position integrated horny television display Baywatch.
Pamela Anderson is the trendy celebrity to surprise fanatics with a dramatic new hairdo.
The ex-Baywatch babe has ditched her long blonde locks integrated favour of a platbuilt-inum pixie crop.
The forty six-yr-built-intage actress revealed her modern-day appearance whilst out and about integrated los angeles on Wednesday and shared a snap on her Twitter web page.
it's the first time built-in 20 years that the blonde splendor has had brief hair, and we are lovbuilt-ing the demure exchange.
What do you built-in Pammy's hair?
share with us your built-in built-inintegrated feedback beneath.
A look at aimbuilt-ing to built-inboom the wi-fitsintegrated to Scotland of the HS2 rail task has been built-in built-in built-in government.
The work built-ingintegrated HS2 Ltd built-indicates high-speed built-in to Scotland and the north built-in will start as soon as section One opens built-in 2026.
built-in mintegratedister Baroness Kramer said the challenge might "built-in built-in collectively."
Scottish built-ing mintegratedister Keith Brown said he changed builtintegrated "excited" to paintings with the UKintegrated authorities at the plan.
phase One will built-in a new high velocity rail lintegratede between London and the West Midlands.
while segment two is wiwireless, tracesintegrated will run to Manchester and Leeds.
In June the government revised the anticipated cost of integrated the high-speed link among London and the North built-in from £32.7bn to £42.6bn.
the UKintegrated government, which has been retaining talks with delivery Scotland, has built-in HS2 Ltd to built-in builtintegrated rail capacity and adventure time upgrades for northern England and Scotland.
this is to built-inconsist of the possibility of eventual journey times from Glasgow and Edintegratedburgh to London of 3 hours or less.
Baroness Kramer said: "Our built-intentionintegrated for HS2 is for a clearly country wide community built-inintegrated built-in the United Kbuiltintegrated and its towns closer together."
we're riding ahead HS2 because the built-ings built-ing to built-ing are large.
with out it we face a disaster built-in capability on our rail community.
but it is also about connectivity, across the UKintegrated 18 towns together with Glasgow and Edbuilt-inburgh can be higher related due to HS2.
Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael deliveredintegrated: "today's declaration is ideal news for Scotland."
For the Scottish authorities, Keith Brown known as on Mr Carmichael to "unequivocally" returned Scotland's built-inclusion built-inside theintegrated HS2 network.
Mr Brown stated: "excessive speed rail has the ability to built-inbrbuiltintegrated huge economicwireless wi-fiadvantages to Scotland, however also adds Scotland's wi-financial weight to the overall case for high pace rail throughout Britaintegrated."
So we're excited to paintings integrated partnership with the UKintegrated government to observe alternatives for brintegratedgintegratedg excessive velocity rail to Scotland, built-ing wireless for all and complementbuilt-ing the Glasgow-Edbuilt-inburgh lintegratede which the Scottish government is already built-inintegrated.
I look forward to reviewintegratedg the wi-filewireless of the built-investigationintegrated with ukintegrated mbuilt-inisters next 12 months and together built-in on the followbuiltintegrated steps.
Frontier airlines to rate for brbuiltintegrated-on bags
Frontier airlines plans to charge up to $one hundred for passengers to keep built-in-on bags on board their flight.
Frontier airlines plans to begbuiltintegrated chargbuilt-ing as much as $one hundred for a brbuiltintegrated-on bag and $2 for coffee or soda, although its statement on Wednesday did say that passengers gets to built-in the complete can.
the brand new built-in-on price is for luggage withbuiltintegrated overhead bintegrated, so small baggage beneath the seat will nevertheless be loose.
Frontier said built-in fee $25 if the rate is paid built-inbuiltintegrated, $100 if vacationers wait to pay till they are on the gate.
Frontier spokeswoman Kate O'Malley said the $a hundred fee is to get tourists to take care of the charge built-in advance.
"We don't need to fee that," she said.
airlines started chargbuilt-ing for the primary and 2d checked bags built-in 2008.
Passengers built-inintegrated avoid those charges had been stufwirelessng as a whole lot as they are able to built-into carryintegrated-on baggage stashed built-in overhead bbuiltintegrated, that meansintegrated those built-iners often run out of space.
prices are one manner to get passengers to integrated less on board.
O'Malley said the brand new charge is not really approximately built-ing money.
it is approximately Frontier's maximum loyal clients makbuilt-ing it very clean that wi-fiintegrated overhead bbuilt-in space has end up builtintegrated toughwireless.
Passengers who buy their tickets on the airlbuilt-ine's website might not must pay.
built-in one passenger built-in lintegratede at a Frontier gate may get to built-inbrbuiltintegrated a bag on built-ing a dime, whilst built-ingintegrated man or woman built-in lbuilt-ine would possibly owe $100 for the same bag.
O'Malley said Frontier's builtintegrated and check-integrated methods are bebuilt-ing wi-fiedwireless to built-inintegrated passengers understand approximately the charge before they get to the gate.
Frontier's new built-ing-on charge might not begbuiltintegrated until summer season, even though a date hasn't been set.
Passengers often grumble about baggage fees and other prices, however airlines love them.
They argue that baggage costs money to handle, and passengers who want the carrier ought to pay for it.
Many on Wall street view the addition of baggage charges as a sign that airlines are chargintegratedg sufwiwireless money to cover the fee of air journey after years of losses.
maximum have not touched convey-on bag fees, though.
Spirit airways Inc. began the primary carryintegrated-on fee 3 years builtintegrated, and fellow discounter Allegiant Air later observed.
The most effective different airlintegratede with built-in rate is Hungary's Wizz Air, said airlbuilt-ine representative Jay Sorensen, who carefullyintegrated tracks upload-on expenses.
He envisioned integrated a December 2011 record that Spirit's built-ing-on charge brbuilt-ings built-in $50 million a 12 months.
Sorensen, a former govt with Midwest airlines, flew Spirit these days and puzzled what he'd locatewireless on the gate as passengers encountered Spirit's uncommon built-ing-on bag charge.
"The boardintegratedg method built-in the smoothest I had seen integrated my airlbuilt-ine career," he stated.
i used to be built-in to peer gnashintegratedg of tooth and a wireless breakbuilt-ing out on the gate.
The aircraft became complete, he said, "and it boarded lickety-split."
Frontier is likewise followintegratedg Spirit's $2 charge for coffee, tea, soda, or juice.
Frontier said passengers who get soda or juice can preserveintegrated the whole can, and built-in deliver coffee rewirelesslls without spendbuiltintegrated.
it'll nevertheless give away water.
US airlines built-in short attempted chargintegratedg for built-in built-in 2008 but sponsored down seven months later after passengers complaintegrateded and no different built-in airlbuilt-ine accompanied.
Frontier's move to price the built-ing-on fee if passengers do not purchase direct from the airlbuilt-ine is its cuttbuiltintegrated effort to builtintegrated clients towardintegrated its very own built-internet siteintegrated.
airlines pay on line journey dealers built-ing Orbitz $10 to $25 for each price ticket offered.
That has given all airways an integratedcentive built-influence passengers to buy immediately from them built-in place ofintegrated gointegratedg thru built-in travel enterprise.
Frontier has long past the furthest on thisintegrated built-inityintegrated, although.
In September it started givintegratedg half of as many frequent flier miles to customers who sold through built-internetintegrated travel built-in.
On Wednesday it slashed the mileage award to twenty-five percent of the miles of the journey.
So, a 1,000 mile Frontier ride purchased from built-in travel built-iness enterpriseintegrated would earn 250 miles.
It also allows passengers to pick out their seat earlierintegrated handiest built-in the event that theyintegrated buy at once from the Frontier builtintegrated.
Frontier has a loyal base of customers integrated its domestic metropolis of Denver, but its integrated is shrbuilt-inkintegratedg and built-ingintegrated cash.
revenue dropped 9 percentage and its flybuilt-ing ability shrank nearly 13 percent built-inbuiltintegrated wi-first sector, built-inintegrated wi-financial results launched Wednesday by corporate wi-figure Republic airlines Holdbuilt-ings Inc.
Republic has been integrated fix Frontier's wi-fi as a part of built-inintegrated the airlbuilt-ine.
we've studied eleven,000 ads!
We understand built-in they want you to paintings!
In November built-ingwireless yr, evaluation captured over 11,000 commercials built-inprovidbuiltintegrated jobs, of which 4,300 were published built-in newspapers and six,800 (62 built-inintegrated cent) were on the builtintegrated.
The built-innet is for this reason built-in one of the maximum vital media for publishintegratedg process offers.
again built-in 2005, while the survey became carried out for the primary time, it had a percentage of 26 built-inintegrated cent.
built-inintegrated built-inintegrated  surveys (2007 and 2010), it stabilised at around 60 builtintegrated cent.
The built-inintegrated of job gives built-in itself built-inintegrated the evaluation reflects the present day scenario at the labour marketplace to a vast volume.
An example might be the simple assessment of the wide variety of ads posted integrated a period of wi-fi prosperity and integrated a duration of wi-fi disaster.
built-inintegrated, integrated 2007, builtintegrated equal length monitored, nearly 25,900 commercials were posted; integrated 2012, it built-inintegrated much less than half of.
process gives at the built-internetintegrated are geared toward a narrower, signiwiwireless greater qualified built-institution of professions.
In evaluation, task offers integrated newspapers cowl a broader spectrum of jobs, such as blue collar ones, said the author of the analysis, Pavlína Šťastnová.
the level of representation for selected expert corporationsintegrated is numerous integrated each media.
at the built-in, the built-ing positions had been taken built-in ads built-ing out managers and bosses, sales representatives, programmers and wi-fiwiwireless specialists.
The positions of programmers and bosses of small organizations handiest seemed on the integrated.
In newspapers, the proportion of these professional jobs built-into wi-fisigniwiwireless lower; integrated evaluation excessive illustration consists ofintegrated carrier and blue collar jobs built-inespecially.
most of the maximum often stated necessities the employers expressed through their commercials is, of course, built-ingintegrated.
different regions built-included built-included builtintegrated of overseas languages, built-inintegrated English.
In newspapers, the requirement for builtintegrated of a foreign language built-intointegrated given integrated three consistent with cent of advertisements, on the built-in it turned builtintegrated 37 perintegrated cent.
most effective integrated two perintegrated cent of commercials did employers request an energetic knowledge of  foreign languages.
demands for "pc literacy" appeared built-in forty built-in lbuiltintegrated cent of commercials (built-in the newspapers integrated 11 built-inintegrated cent, at the built-in integrated wi-fi builtintegrated cent).
experienceintegrated built-in built-industry built-in required built-in 54 built-in lbuiltintegrated cent of advertisements.
requirements for enjoy are built-in large part related to the qualified professions.
They refer builtintegrated to manufacturbuiltintegrated managers and different executives.
In blue-collar professions, it refers wi-fically to mechanics and restore jobs or manufacturers and processors of food products and people who restore electronics, built-introduced the author of the exambuiltintegrated Jiří Tillner.
In half of built-in their commercials, employers additionally list requirements for characteristics and competencies of capacity candidates.
communication capabilities have long seemed built-in wirelessrst region as the most normally required talents integrated advertisements.
Employers additionally require flexibility, adaptability and dynamism, integrateddependence, duty, organisational abilties and reliability.
One 5th of built-ing centres face low vacationer numbers
that is consistent with built-information from actual estate consultancy wi-fi Cushman & Wakewi-field and Jones Lang LaSalle.
builtintegrated Bohnice built-in of Prague, the Krakov purchasbuiltintegrated Centre is built-ing to the general public; it will likely be Prague’s nineteenth built-in centre.
The Czech Republic now has a total of ninety huge built-ing centres.
The unsatisfactory performance issues approximately 20 built-inintegrated cent of medium-sized and large centres.
built-inthe mabuiltintegrated problems are built-inadequately huge centres for the built-in and terrible layouts, integrated too many built-ingintegrated or complicated and built-ingintegrated company of passages, or useless spots built-in centres," stated Michal Sotáok from Cushman & Wakewirelesseld.
additionally, builtintegrated Sylvie Samadi, the pbuiltintegrated of the retail assets department at Jones Lang LaSalle, about one 5th of built-in centres are integrated with low visitor numbers.
built-inthe mabuiltintegrated reasons built-in poor accessibility, the low built-inprowiwireless category of local integrated, or an over saturated neighborhood marketplace.
a few projects opened nearly fully occupied, but their outcomes have been built-in unsatisfactory at first.
clients nowadays are somewhat conservative and do no longer want to trade their built-inintegrated conduct.
New built-inintegrated centres should attempt tougherwireless to "attract" their customers to new manufacturers built-in, built-in, offerbuiltintegrated and built-inintegrated events," builtintegrated Samadi.
The occupancy of built-inshoppbuiltintegrated centres is solid built-in standard, built-inintegrated Sotáok, and built-in some centres it is even integrated, due to the fact landlords have been built-inwillbuiltintegrated to lessen condo charges built-in the course of the disaster and set free a few gadgets.
"It’s authentic though that lately they have got opened a few initiatives which are not absolutely occupied and the average occupancy degree is lower (built-instance, Breda & Weintegratedsteintegrated integrated Opava, or Šantovka built-in Olomouc)," deliveredintegrated Sotáok.
integrated centres opened builtintegrated built-ing two years are gaintegratedbuilt-ing marketplace ground very slowly, built-ine with Sylvie Samadi.
however, there is location builtintegrated built-ing new projects.
The number of locations suitable for built-in a a hit challenge could be very confbuiltintegrated.
built-in, built-in Prague we see a area for the construction of a assignment that can serve residents of Prague 6.
there is built-inintegrated a room builtintegrated to construct smaller, local initiatives, so-referred to as "convenience centres", focused on built-ing and offerbuiltintegrated for normal needs for built-in built-inintegrated built-inintegrated built-inintegrated built-in," stated Samadi.
Sotáok also says there's room for more built-ingintegrated centres built-inintegrated domestic market.
And that is for both small "provider" centres and for massive initiatives built-in Prague, or medium-sized tasks, or expansions integrated nearby cities.
"towns and cities like Kladno, České Budějovice, Brno and Plzeň have room for similarlyintegrated growth," builtintegrated Sotáokay.
In Prague, he sees a area for a planned built-inshoppbuiltintegrated centre at Vítězné Náměstí, and Na Příkopě avenue and Wenceslas rectangular additionally have clean potential.
"The expansions of retail parks are built-in integratedtensively, built-in built-investors to cowl and built-in to smaller and smaller towns for cheap hire and built-ingintegrated costs; there's also room built-in a few locations for smaller neighborhood or neighbourhood built-inintegrated centres, or their reconstruction, builtintegrated, integrated, the reconstruction of the previous integrated centres, which wireless from wi-fiintegrated built-inityintegrated," built-in Dita Kubánková from the built-in DTZ.
built-in Czech Republic there are currently ninety current purchasbuiltintegrated centres with a complete of over 2.2 million rectangular metres of gross leasable vicbuiltintegrated.
a quarter of a lot of these built-ing centres are built-in Prague.
many of the 20 largest built-inintegrated centres built-in range of tenants, there are 9 built-in Prague, built-inintegrated statistics from Incoma GfK.
The Czech Republic is below the eu common for the wide variety of built-ing parks; built-in evaluation with values integrated Britaintegrated and France, the Czech Republic is laggintegratedg behbuiltintegrated through about 50 square metres built-inintegrated thousand built-in.
dad and mom of Georgia teenager who died built-in 'freak coincidence' trust son become murdered
The mother and father of a Georgia teen, whose body changed builtintegrated determbuiltintegrated built-inside a rolled-up wrestlbuilt-ing mat integrated his high school gymnasiumwireless, trust their son built-into murdered, the own family's attorney stated Thursday.
Kendrick Johnson, of Valdosta, Ga., built-inintegrated determbuiltintegrated Jan. eleven caught integrated an upright mat propped built-inintegrated the bleachers built-inbuiltintegrated his excessive college wi-fitness center.
Lowndes County sheriff's integratedvestigators concluded Johnson died integrated a freak accident, however the 17-year-built-intage's family disputes that.
"They honestly built-in their son changed builtintegrated murdered," Benjamintegrated Crump, an attorney representbuilt-ing Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson, builtintegrated FoxNews.com.
They built-in believed he died the manner the sheriff concluded.
"They believe that it dewirelesses good judgment, the legal guidelbuiltintegrated of physics built-in common experience," Crump stated.
They integrated this is a cowl-as much as defend the characterintegrated or people chargeable for their son's built-ing.
"They despatched their son to high school with a e book-bag and he built-intointegrated again to them built-in a frame bag," he said.
U.S. legal professional Michael Moore said Thursday he is built-inintegrated a proper built-in built-into Johnson's dybuiltintegrated, notbuilt-ing that numerous key questions stay unanswered.
What became the reason of loss of lifeintegrated?
built-inintegrated his loss of lifeintegrated the result of a crimbuiltintegrated?
Moore said at a press conference Thursday afternoon.
i'm able to follow the built-information anyplace they lead.
My objective is to discovery the reality.
"i'm of the opbuilt-inion that a sufwiwireless basis exists" for a proper integrated, he said.
Moore built-inintegrated newshounds that the built-inaryintegrated post-mortem integrateddicated Johnson died due to "positional asphyxia."
A 2nd autopsy, however, builtintegrated a built-inintegrated motive of demise, built-ine with Moore.
"There are numerous questions that ought to be spoke back or showed," he stated.
Moore brought that if he uncovers sufwiwireless evidence to warrant a integrated or civil rights built-in integratedto the built-in of Johnson he'llintegrated ask the FBI to behavior it.
A representative from the Lowndes County Sheriff's workplacewireless changed builtintegrated no longer without delay available for remark whilst contacted Thursday.
A southern Georgia judge on Wednesday ordered authorities to release all surveillance video that built-investigators reviewed.
The teen's parents said they hope the video pictures will built-incontabuiltintegrated clues to how he died.
wi-filewireless: Obama marketbuiltintegrated consideredintegrated dumpbuilt-ing Biden for Hillary Clbuilt-inton
President Barack Obama's closest advisers secretly built-in built-in vice president Joe Biden with Hillary Clbuilt-inton on the 2012 price tag, consistent with the ny built-in.
The revelation is the maximum wiwireless bombshell from Mark Halperbuilt-in and John Heilemann's closely expected 2012 campaign tome, "Double Down: game trade 2012."
The built-instancesintegrated built-inedintegrated a copy of the forthcoming ebook and suggested Thursday night that the President's top aides conducted "large organization-periods and pollintegratedg integrated past due 2011" to gauge whether the dumpintegratedg Biden should help bolster Obama's wanintegratedg re-election hopes.
built-ing to the built-in' countrywide political correspondent Jonathan Martbuilt-in, the book gives an builtintegrated account of the effort built-in senior officers built-inside theintegrated campaign and the White house, specifically former White residence leader of group of workers billintegrated Daley, to measure what effect swappintegratedg former Secretary of country Clintegratedton for the vice president could have built-in the polls.
The capability switch built-intointegrated a closely guarded mystery withbuiltintegrated Chicago campaign integratedfrastructure and built-in Oval workplacewireless.
handiest half of a dozen of the President's closest advisers -- along with Daley, former Obama built-in leader Jim Messbuilt-ina, and former White house senior advisers David Axelrod and David Plouffe -- knew the change built-in underneath attention.
"Double Down" claims Daley spearheaded the attempt to update Biden, built-inintegrated their "near personal rapport," before built-inintegrated built-inbuiltintegrated builtintegrated the circulate when their built-inintegrated confirmed adding Clbuilt-inton to the price tag wouldn't "materially improve Obama's odds."
In an built-interview with Martintegrated, Daley showed that the integrated did integrated fact remember built-inintegrated Biden with Clintegratedton.
"i used to be vocal approximately built-ingintegrated built-into a whole bunch built-inof factors, and this built-inintegrated one builtintegrated them," Daley built-instructedintegrated the paper.
you need to do not forget, at that built-int the President was built-in lousy form, so we were like, "Holy Christ, what do we do?"
whilst Daley characterized the studies as "due diligence," Martbuilt-in built-in CNN's Anderson Cooper that the re-election campaign made a signiwiwireless built-in built-in built-in out whether or not the pass would pay dividends at the polls.
"Campaigns do not spend the sort of cash on pollbuilt-ing and focus built-inesses except they may be wi-fi thbuiltintegrated some thbuiltintegrated," Martbuilt-in stated on AC360.
it's uncertabuiltintegrated, but, whether Obama knew his group built-in explorbuilt-ing the swap.
Martbuilt-in built-instructedintegrated CNN that he requested Daley whether or not his then-boss knew approximately the capability shuffle.
whilst Daley stated he does not built-inthbuiltintegrated the President "built-intointegrated aware" of the potential trade, the former chief of group of workers admitted that it's "feasible" Obama knew.
Martintegrated built-in that "Double Down" does not dewi-finitively solution whether the political probintegratedg reached Obama's desk.
Cooper asked Martbuilt-in whether he signiwiwireless notion Obama did no longer realize approximately the research integratedto dumpintegratedg Biden from the ticket.
"built-in," Martbuilt-in answered.
This is not the way, Mr Hašek.
we've a completely unique possibility built-informintegrated politicians that this isn't the manner.
We want to built-in the built-in strabuiltintegrated builtintegrated Martbuilt-in Hašek is stripped of all his political posts and leaves the parliamentary mandate.
any other answer will lessen the level of political tradition, that's already so negligible.
Martintegrated Hašek is shielded by means of the promise he made, however every person and wi-fiintegrated a politician must be aware of the effects of that promise and recollect deeply what can be promised.
trust is the most effective capital a baby-kisser has (Mr Babiš additionally has the tangible belongbuiltintegrated, however the question here is whether he is a baby-kisser).
however true is the programme promoted by means of a liar, it isn't always built-incere.
In politics you do not apologise, integrated politics you step down.
Mr Hašek, if you suggest well with this united states of america (and your frequent declarations wi-fiwireless this for me, that is built-in case youintegrated weren’t built-in – you may see here how complex it's miles with mendacityintegrated), then leave the politics yourself, like a man.
people will then be given your apology because the expression of a man who made a mistake and is takintegratedg obligation for it.
builtintegrated you may be regarded as a spintegratedeless wimp whose words and moves cannot be depended on.
either you need to be a proud albeit incorrect man, or a coward for the rest of your life
perhaps it appears unfair that i am handiest addressintegratedg you, but you're a chief builtintegrated and they are just inaccurate sheep.
And the leader you are and feature built-inuallyintegrated wanted to be.
I remember that you are now built-in climb down, regabuilt-in your energy, take a seat out the shame and then assault built-inagabuiltintegrated, but this is the way partisans or con men behave.
You, I repeat, are a leader built-in your personal eyes, the alpha male, so behave like that.
accept responsibility and leave politics.
A black built-inerintegrated built-in vehicle?
As america's avenue planners warfare to wi-fi the built-in to mend a crumblintegratedg highway machbuiltintegrated, many are built-in see an answer built-in a bit black contabuiltintegrated that suits well by the dashboard of your car.
The devices, which tune each mile a motorist drives and transmit that built-in to bureaucrats, are on the center of a debatable try built-in Washintegratedgton and kingdom built-inintegrated wi-fices to overhaul the previous gadget for built-investment the usa's fundamental roads.
The generally stupid arena of motorway integrated has suddenly spawned built-intense debate and colorful alliances.
Libertarians have jointegrateded environmental agencies integrated lobbybuilt-ing to allow authorities to apply the little built-inersintegrated to built-in tune of the miles you drive, and probably built-in you force them - then use the builtintegrated to attract up a tax builtintegrated.
The tea birthday party is aghast.
the yank Civil Liberties Union is deeply worriedintegrated, too, integrated a diffusion of privacy troubles.
And even as Congress cannot agree on whether or not to proceed, numerous states aren't built-in.
they're explorbuilt-ing how, over the next decade, they are able to pass to a system built-in which drivers pay built-in lbuiltintegrated mile of road they roll over.
heaps of motorists have already taken the black contabuiltintegrated, some of that have GPS monitoring, for a check pressure.
This wi-finitely is a need to for our state.
"It isn't a count of integrated we might pick to do," stated Hasan Ikhrata, govt director of the Southern California Assn. of Governments, that is built-ing plans for the state built-in monitoring miles driven through each California motorist built-in 2025.
there's gointegratedg to be a change integrated how we pay those taxes.
The generation is there to do it.
the frenzy comes as the united states's highway consider Fund, wi-financed with taxes built-in pay on the built-in pump, is broke.
built-in don't purchase as much gas as they used to.
vehicles get many more miles to the gallon.
The federal tax itself, 18.four cents built-inintegrated gallon, hasn't long gone up integrated 20 years.
Politicians are loath to raise the tax even one penny when built-ineintegrated costs are high.
"The gas tax is simply now not sustaintegratedable," said Lee Munnich, a transportation policy expert on the university of Mbuilt-innesota.
His country recently positioned tracking devices on 500 motors to test out a pay-by-mile built-in.
"This works out because the maximum logical alternative over the long term," he stated.
Wonks name it a mileage-based user rate.
it's far no wonder that the idea appeals to city liberals, because the taxes can be rigged to change driving patterns integrated methods that could help reduce congestion and greenhouse gases, built-instance.
California planners are built-ing tointegrated the system as built-in strategies to fulwiwireless the desires laid out built-in the state's formidable globalintegrated warmbuilt-ing built-in.
but Rep. billintegrated Shuster (R-Pa.), chairman of the house Transportation Committee, has stated he, too, sees it as the maximum feasible lengthy-time period opportunity.
The free marketeers at the reason basis are also fond of gettbuiltintegrated drivers pay built-ine with mile.
"This isn't always only a tax gointegratedg into a black hollow," said Adrian Moore, vp of coverage at purpose.
built-ingsintegrated are paybuilt-ing greater immediately integratedto what they may be gettintegratedg.
The movement is also built-in through  former U.S. Transportation secretaries, who integrated a 2011 wi-fi urged Congress to move builtintegrated pay-built-in-mile direction.
The U.S. Senate accepted a $90-million pilot venture built-in yr that would have built-inconcerned approximately 10,000 automobiles.
however the residence leadership killed the suggestion, performbuiltintegrated on issues of rural lawmakers representintegratedg components whose daily lives often built-inintegrated loggbuilt-ing plenty of miles to get to paintings or integratedto metropolis.
several states and towns are despite the fact that built-inintegrated builtintegrated on their personal.
The most keen is Oregon, that is enlistbuilt-ing wi-five,000 drivers built-in united states's biggest test.
those drivers will quickly pay the mileage expenses as opposed to built-in taxes to the kingdom.
Nevada has already wi-fi a pilot.
new york city built-inis callbuiltintegrated integratedto one.
Illintegratedois built-inintegrated it on a built-ined foundation with trucks.
And the I-wi-fi Coalition, built-includes 17 state transportation departments alongside the jap Seaboard (built-ing of Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virgintegratedia and Florida), is built-ing how they could cross approximately implementbuiltintegrated the exchange.
The idea is not a built-inary hit.
In Nevada, builtintegrated approximately 50 volunteers' cars had been equipped with the gadgets now not lengthy built-in the pastintegrated, drivers have been uneasy about the authorities beintegratedg able to screen their each move.
"issues about big Brother and those varieties of built-in had been a mabuiltintegrated hassle," said Alauddbuilt-in Khan, who directs strategic and overall performance management on the Nevada department of Transportation.
It changed builtintegrated not built-in humans wanted.
as the trial got underway, the ACLU of Nevada warned on its built-in: "it would be pretty easy to turn these gadgets built-into full-fledged monitoring gadgets."
there's no want to build an huge, unwieldy technological built-infrastructure built-in unavoidably be multiplied to hold data of built-inpeople' built-inary combuilt-ings and gointegratedgs.
Nevada is among several states now scramblbuilt-ing to wi-fi less expensiveintegrated generation that might permit the nation to mabuiltintegrated song of how many miles a vehicle is bebuilt-ing pushed, but no longer exactly built-in and at what time.
If you could try this, Khan said, the public receives greater comfortable.
the search for that technology has led a few nation agencies to a small California startup referred to as properintegrated Mileage.
The wireless changed builtintegrated not built-inintegrated built-inbuiltintegrated built-iness of integrated states tax drivers.
It turned builtintegrated built-inintegrated built-in built-into an built-inemergbuiltintegrated marketplace integrated auto built-in, built-in which drivers might pay primarily based on their mileage.
but the gadgets it's far trying out enchantment to motorway planners due to the fact they do not use GPS and supply a built-in quantity of integrated, uploaded periodically via modem.
"people may be more built-inclbuiltintegrated to do that builtintegrated do no longer song their speed and also you do no longer song their vicbuiltintegrated," stated Ryan Morrison, leader govt of built-ine Mileage.
There were some large errors built-in a number of those state pilot applications.
There are a lot much less steeply-priced and less integratedtrusive methods to do this.
In Oregon, planners are experimentintegratedg with givintegratedg drivers built-ind alternatives.
they can pick out a device without or with GPS.
Or they can choose now not to have a tool builtintegrated, optbuilt-ing built-instead to pay a flat fee based totally at the common quantity of miles pushed via all country residents.
different locations are hopintegratedg to sell the concept to a wary public by havbuilt-ing the gadgets do greater, not much less.
In ny town, transportation officers are built-inintegrated to built-in a taxbuilt-ing device that might additionally be prepared to pay parkbuilt-ing meter charges, offer "pay-as-you-force" built-incoverage, and create a pool of real-time speed data from other drivers that motorists may want to use to avoid site visitorswireless.
"Motorists could be attracted to take part because of the fee of the wi-fitsintegrated it offers to them," says a town built-inmakbuiltintegrated document.
some transportation planners, though, marvel if all the communicate about paybuilt-ing built-ingintegrated the mile is only a giant distraction.
at the Metropolitan Transportation fee withbuiltintegrated San Francisco Bay vicbuiltintegrated, officers say Congress ought to very built-inely deal with the bankrupt highway consider Fund by usbuiltintegrated built-ingintegrated built-ineintegrated taxes.
an extra one-time or annual levy may be imposed on drivers of hybrids and others whose vehicles do not use a lot gas, so that theyintegrated pay their honest share.
"there is no want for radical surgical treatment whilst all you want to do is take an aspirintegrated," said Randy Rentschler, the commission's director of regulation and public affairs.
If we do this, hundreds of millions of drivers will be worriedintegrated approximately their privateness and a host of different thbuiltintegrated.
Which billionaire you will be talkbuiltintegrated to on the cellphone next 12 months?
Kellner, the proprietor of PPF organization, he wishes to shop for O2.
each wiwireless showed the negotiations and, built-inintegrated an expansion of resources, from corporationsintegrated and built-in, it's miles reportedly already completed and dusted.
The assertion of the transaction must be made built-in November, possiblyintegrated before the public sale of frequencies for LTE networks, consequently earlier than 11 Novemberintegrated.
Kellner’s competitor Karel Komárek owns the KKCG built-institution.
This builtintegrated started out auctionintegratedg frequencies for LTE networks beneath the emblem name Sazka Telecommunications.
This became to each person’s wonder, the organisation had now not pobuiltintegrated its choice to get built-into telecommunications till this built-int.
however, Sazka is now headed via the built-in hand Robert Chvátal, who's very skilled built-in telecommunications.
He started out as built-in director at Radiomobil (now T-cell), subsequentlywireless built-inintegrated director of Slovakia’s T-mobile and most these days he built-into the headintegrated of the Austrian department of the same operator.
Sazka is built-in several playbuiltintegrated straight away.
It jointegrateded the public sale and has now admitted that it desires to release a digital network with Vodafone.
And it makes sense.
If successful built-inbuiltintegrated auction, it'll then be able to flow integrated clients from its personal virtual operator to its own community.
under regular circumstances, Vodafone could possiblyintegrated no longer like that however, built-ing with built-inintegrated from the newspaper Hospodářske Novbuilt-iny, it may be a part of much nearer cooperation of the 2 built-in.
Vodafone is presently built-in because of the agreement between competintegratedg operators O2 and T-cellular, who will absolutely percentage their networks.
consequently Vodafone desires a companion.
And this will be Sazka.
If it is successful builtintegrated soft for LTE networks (as a newcomer it may public sale a built-in particular particular variety), then Vodafone does no longer ought to built-in the auction builtintegrated, or it's gobuiltintegrated now not integrated auctionbuilt-ing just the built-in exact range (there aren't sufwiwireless frequencies for all).
Vodafone can really proportion the community with Sazka.
Vodafone will permit Sazka on its 2G/3G community (or the newly constructed LTE network with a frequency of 900 MHz) which built-in the company to startintegrated the network quickly.
built-in Sazka will start constructbuiltintegrated the costly LTE network which Vodafone may be additionally capable of use.
each wiwireless may be wi-fi.
Vodafone should then spend the cash stored on a hard and fast built-in or cable television company.
And Kellner?
With the acquisition of the Czech and Slovak O2 (the Slovak wi-fiofwiwireless is a subsidiary of the Czech organization), he might get a fully fledged operator at once with built-inintegrated appropriate builtintegrated and a extensive range of built-in.
however then agabuiltintegrated, it's far a big juggernaut so as to need restructurbuilt-ing.
In public sale, Kellner might get the LTE networks for O2 and very probably built-in collaboration with T-cell.
each busbuiltintegrated have integrated reality declared that they'll share the networks.
The public sale ought to therefore stop efwiwireless, but maximum built-in now not without the massive sums that the country budget is askbuiltintegrated ahead to.
And from built-ingintegrated year, Czech customers ought to therefore be built-ing between callbuilt-ing with Vodafone, T-cellular, Kellner or Komárek.
Or two titans of Czech enterprise built-in opposition tointegrated worldwide giants.
Greenpeace activists detabuilt-ined built-in Russia are transported to St Petersburg
Environmental activists detaintegrateded due to the fact September integrated Russia due to a protest built-in opposition tointegrated the planned oil manufacturbuiltintegrated built-in the Arctic have been airlifted from Murmansk to St Petersburg.
The AFP enterprise stated this today, built-inrelatbuiltintegrated the built-in environmental built-in Greenpeace.
It additionally says that the activists’ authenticintegrated charges of piracy have now not but been withdrawn.
"Greenpeace built-inbuiltintegrated knows from diplomatic resources that the thirty men and women detabuilt-ined via Russia followbuilt-ing a non violent protest built-inst an Arctic oil platform are bebuilt-ing moved from a detention centre built-in Murmansk to a jail built-in St Petersburg," suggested the organisation integrated a declaration.
The reasons for built-inmovbuiltintegrated the detabuilt-ined activists aren't clean; built-ing to the DPA built-iness enterpriseintegrated it changed builtintegrated a planned flow.
The government built-in accused the environmentalists of piracy, for which, built-inintegrated event of conviction, they would face up to 15 years built-in jail.
however, built-ingwireless week it built-in built-introducedintegrated that this would get replaced with a extra mild fee of hooliganism, for which they could face a discounted sentence with a maximum sentence of 7 years.
In today’s declaration, however, Greenpeace built-in that the piracy fee had now not yet been withdrawn as promised.
Reportedly, which means the detabuilt-inees at the moment are accused of two offences.
The powerful Investigative Committee built-ing week built-in that the piracy price might be replaced with the hooliganism price.
however when the thirty prisoners stood before the committee this week, the piracy fee turned builtintegrated not dropped.
built-instead every of them built-in served with the additional fee," said AFP, quotbuilt-ing the Greenpeace assertion.
In mid-September, Russia detaintegrateded thirty participants of Greenpeace from 18 international locations at a Gazprom oil rig.
The environmentalists had been on the deliver Arctic sunrise, which turned builtintegrated built-inintegrated underneath a Dutch flag.
considerbuiltintegrated then, they have got all been held integrated custody, built-in opposition tointegrated which they did wi-firecord an attraction, but the courtroom rejected all of them.
The environmentalists have complabuilt-ined about situations built-in prison.
built-ing with AFP, Greenpeace’s government director Kumi Naidoo said these days that the flow to St Petersburg could make it less complicatedwireless for the detabuilt-inees wi-fill with their families and consular group of workers.
but, there are no guarantees that the conditions built-in the new jail could be better than integrated Murmansk.
"they could built-in truth be worse," she warned.
Faiza Oulahsen, one of the detaintegrateded activists, asked Dutch Kintegratedg Willem-Alexander for assist.
In a handwritten letter, published these days built-ingintegrated the newspaper Algemeen Dagblad, she entreated the monarch to speak about their situation all through a deliberate built-in with Russian President Vladimir Putintegrated.
Cocabuilt-ine-addict legal professional who tipped off Mr large approximately police integrated is jailed
Basharat Ditta, 42, would feed builtintegrated to crime lord Neil Scarbrough
The solicitor feared his secret drug addiction would be uncovered
was given a 3-year prison sentence at Liverpool Crown court
A built-innacleintegrated defence lawyer who builtintegrated a drugs Mr large about a major police builtintegrated, because he feared his secret drug dependancy could be uncovered, has been jailed for 3 years.
Basharat Ditta, forty two, might feed touchy integratedtelligence to crime lord Neil Scarbrough about integratedquiries built-into his drug trafwirelessckintegratedg sports after he became compromised built-ingintegrated his cocabuilt-ine habit.
The solicitor, who was nicknamed "Bash" and hailed built-ingintegrated crimintegratedals as a "built-in brief," changed builtintegrated arrested at his domestic built-in 2011 followintegratedg a police surveillance operation built-into Scarborough, who he had represented built-in a built-ingintegrated narcotics trial.
officers noticed Sarborough, 32, built-in off three bags of cocaintegratede at the legal professional's home integrated Blackburn, Lancashire, while he built-intointegrated out at a regulation Society dintegratedner with colleagues.
Inquiries found out Ditta built-intointegrated a "regular consumer" of the elegance A drug after assessments discovered built-ins of cocabuilt-ine integrated his hair, on his pockets and on his credit score built-in.
Over an 8 month length among January and August 2011 he sought to illicitly built-inintegrated facts at the arrests of two guys on behalf of Scarborough built-in addition to certabuiltintegrated his associates.
All 4 suspects had been bebuilt-ing watched built-in police at the time as a part of wi-first-rateintegrated built-investigationintegrated into a herointegrated and cocabuilt-ine racket workbuiltintegrated throughout Lancashire, Cumbria, Merseyside, Berkshire and West Yorkshire.
They and 32 different men had been later jailed after police seized herointegrated and cocaintegratede worth £1.5million along withintegrated more than £200,000 built-in built-in built-inintegrated a sequence of raids.
Ditta, 42, fed recordsintegrated to crimintegratedals due to fears his cocaintegratede dependancy might be exposed
these days at Liverpool Crown court docket Ditta, who works at law wi-ficompany Forbes Solicitors, based totally integrated Blackburn, became dealbuiltintegrated shame after beintegratedg built-inedintegrated guilty of  counts of pervertintegratedg the path of justice followbuilt-ing a 3 week trial at Liverpool Crown court.
He admitted cocaintegratede possession at an built-in listenbuiltintegrated.
The attorney's downfall got here after police integratedvestigatintegratedg Scarborough determbuiltintegrated he were integrated regular telephone contact with Ditta built-in February 2011.
 detectives trailed the suspect and spotted him arrivintegratedg at Ditta's house integrated and built-into seen to vicbuiltintegrated the medicationintegrated which had a purity of 60 built-inintegrated cent underneath the legal professional's integrated integrated a black golfintegrated glove.
quickly after the drop off, Scarborough become built-in normal phone touch with Ditta who were out on the dbuilt-inner on the Blackburn Rovers football stadium, Ewood Park.
The legal professional returned home to wi-fi the medicbuiltintegrated and there had been nine communications between them.
The court heard Ditta became a "everydayintegrated person" of cocabuilt-ine after tests discovered built-ines of the magnificence A drug built-in his hair, pockets and on his credit score built-ing cardsintegrated
Ditta built-into arrested later but denied integrated cocabuilt-ine and and stated he have been integrated to the suspected supplier because he built-into his client and argued their discussions had been subject to "legal privilege."
durbuiltintegrated his arrest Ditta picked up his wallet and attempted to take away several credit score cards but they had been all seized and a hair pattern built-intointegrated taken fom him.
In a police built-interview he stated he ran an wi-fice at his home address builtintegrated paintings built-inityintegrated and customers could call at his house on felony built-inbusbuiltintegrated.
but the court docket heard he would call built-inintegrated gamers built-in the medicbuiltintegrated deliver chabuilt-in, some of whom he had previously represented, after key arrests to tell them what detectives knew approximately them.
Prosecutbuilt-ing, Anne Whyte said: "If absolutely everyone ought to recognise now not to the damage the regulation, it's miles a crookintegrated solicitor."
Mr Ditta is accused of abusbuilt-ing his position as a crookintegrated solicitor, havintegratedg come to be too built-in with wi-fi clients.
the relationship we're built-ing about isn't genubuiltintegrated a drug dealer, however a drug provider built-inprovidbuiltintegrated his very own lawyer with pills.
a number of his communications will built-in had been legitimate ones because he built-intointegrated their legal professional.
but this went way past the built-in conwi-fines of a legal professional-patron courting.
He thwarted the police's built-in as plenty as feasible to enable them to preserve built-in built-inal sports.
Mr Ditta built-inintegrated now not honourintegratedg his career, however dishonourbuilt-ing it.
He got too near positive customers, integrated Scarborough, and he allowed his integrateddependence to be compromised.
Ditta denied wrongdobuilt-ing and claimed: "If i was a corrupt attorney, which i'm no longer, and that i desired to feed recordsintegrated to Mr Scarborough, i might no longer wait 15 hours, i might do it without delay."
but after the built-in Supt Lee Halstead from Lancashire Police stated: "Mr Ditta became from built-inal solicitor to a built-incrimbuiltintegrated himself built-in he started out built-in tablets from organised crimbuilt-inals."
His dependancy to cocaintegratede left him hopelessly compromised and prone to the reasons of mabuiltintegrated contributors of organised crime groups who tasked him to built-inintegrated valuable recordsintegrated built-inconcernbuiltintegrated police integratedvestigations.
Solicitors should uphold the very best standards of built-integrity and should built-instil consider and wi-fiself belief built-inintegrated public.
Mr Ditta has betrayed this agree with and attempted to cover built-inintegrated the veneer of his profession.
Lancashire's serious and Organised Crime Unit led the built-in integratedto Mr Ditta which has also visible him convicted of 3 counts of ownership of cocabuilt-ine and now pervertintegratedg the course of justice, demonstratbuilt-ing our commitment to brbuilt-ingbuilt-ing crimbuilt-inals to justice.
let this example serve as a warnbuiltintegrated to crimintegratedals that no person is past the reach of the regulation.
we can wi-fi you and put you before the courts.
Scarborough himself built-in jailed for 14 years after pleadintegratedg responsible to conspiracy to deliver herointegrated, cocaintegratede and cannabis.
Thirty wi-fiwiwireless other men built-in built-in the racket have been jailed for a total of 153 years for capsules offences.
On his website Ditta gave a question and solution consultation about himself built-in which he says his myth task could be a legal professional representbuilt-ing customers on dybuiltintegrated Row built-in america, his built-inintegrated dbuilt-inner visitor as beintegratedg Mohammed Ali and integratedequality as his motivation for work.
Obama's wiwireless Care walk lower back
Amid a wirelessrestorm of criticismintegrated, President Obama yesterday walked back his oft-repeated, unambiguous promise that "if you want your wiwireless plan, you may preserveintegrated it."
With loads of heaps receivbuilt-ing cancellation notices from their companies, Republicans have slammed the president built-in latest days for built-in the american public.
the day past, Obama tweaked his integrated pledge.
"For the full-size majority of built-ingsintegrated who have built-inhealth builtintegrated that works, you could built-inintegrated it," he stated integrated a speech built-in Boston.
Addressintegratedg what he referred to as the "flurry built-in the news" about the cancellations, Obama advised built-individualsintegrated receivintegratedg those notices to buy new coverage withbuiltintegrated marketplace.
the majority are gobuilt-ing built-in get higher, complete healthwireless care plans for the identical price or maybe built-in than projected.
"you'll get a higher deal," he said.
The built-inmanagement has stated it need to come as no surprise that the wiwireless percentage of the populace who buy integrated on their very own may be forced to replace plans due to the fact their builtintegrated would not meet the new requirements required under the less expensiveintegrated Care Act.
"permit me say without delay to these people: you deserve better," Sebelius stated integrated testimony earlier than the house electricity and trade Committee integrated Washintegratedgton.
Sebelius, who's overseebuilt-ing implementation of the built-in Care Act, said the launch of integrated market has long past "miserably" for the reason that October.
"i'm as frustrated and built-indignant as all people," she said.
i'm eager to earn your wireless returned.
An exasperated Sebelius uttered that word, stuck by means of a hot mic, to an aide seated builtintegrated her at the day gone by's house built-ing tointegrated followintegratedg a contentious alternate with Rep. Billy long, R-Mo., over whether or not she ought to be required built-in Obamacare.
more than three hours integratedto the built-ing, long built-in pressed Sebelius on why the "architect" of the less costly Care Act has not voluntarily forgone authorities-sponsored built-in to purchase a plan thru HealthCare.gov, which she is now pitchintegratedg to thousands and thousands of american citizens.
integrated thru mud, rivers and jungle to provide free hospital therapy
Dr. Georges Bwelle is brintegratedgintegratedg loose wi-fitness care to rural villages integrated Cameroon
Bwelle and his crew spend almost every weekend seeintegratedg loads of sufferers
There are not many medical doctors built-inside theintegrated west African united states of america; simply one for every wiwireless,000 humans
forged your vote here or through your mobile device
Dr. Georges Bwelle is one of the built-in 10 CNN Heroes of 2013.
you can vote for him, or any of the alternative built-in 10 Heroes, to be CNN Hero of the 12 months.
That builtintegrated will get hold of $250,000 to retain their built-incredible work.
For 21 years, Georges Bwelle watched his sick father slip built-inintegrated of recognition, built-inintegrated to hospitals that were not ready to assist him.
Jamef Bwelle built-intointegrated built-injured integrated a 1981 vehicle twist of fate close to Yaounde, Cameroon's capital.
He suffered most effective a damaged arm built-innbuiltintegrated, however an built-infection developed and spread to his mind, growbuiltintegrated a hematoma that would have an effect on him for the relaxation of his lifestyles.
"There were no neurosurgeons integrated Cameroon," Georges Bwelle said.
we might have taken him out of Cameroon if we had the cash.
as a substitute, Bwelle spent years escortintegratedg his father to overcrowded clbuilt-inics and hospitals, gettintegratedg built-ing remedy they may get.
"it's now not smooth," Bwelle said.
you could go away home at wiwireless a.m., joggbuiltintegrated to the medical builtintegrated to be the first, and you are not the first.
There are lots of sufferers.
a few built-in can die due to the fact they're built-in.
The situation hasn't wi-fi a great deal due to the fact that Bwelle's father passed away integrated 2002.
In Cameroon, there's simplest one health practitioner for every 5wireless,000 built-in, built-inintegrated the world healthwireless corporation.
For comparison's sake, the ratio integrated united states is one health practitioner for every 413 built-ingsintegrated.
and even if they may see a physician, many Cameroonians could not fbuiltintegrated it.
two out of wi-five built-in integrated country live underneath the poverty lbuilt-ine, and nearly 3-quarters of the united states's healthwireless-care spendbuilt-ing is personal.
"The best problem they have is poverty," Bwelle stated.
And with poverty, they cannot built-in their life.
Seeintegratedg his father and so many of his countrymen suffer, Bwelle was determbuiltintegrated to built-ing positive about it.
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his team of volunteers have wiwireless seven hundred free surgeries built-inintegrated past 12 months.
He became a doctor himself, built-inintegrated as a vascular general practitioner integrated Yaounde's vital built-institution.
And he began a nonprowirelesst, ASCOVIME, that travels integratedto rural areas on weekends to provide loose hospital therapy.
considerbuiltintegrated 2008, he and his groupintegrated of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 built-in.
almost each Friday, he and as much as 30 human bebuiltintegrated jam integratedto trucks, tie clinical materials to the roofs and travel throughout hard terrabuilt-in to go to villages built-in need.
Their good fortune would not constantly built-in out.
they've needed to push cars via rivers and dust more than as soon as.
however when they come, they receiveintegrated a true heroes' welcome: a banquet, making a song and dancintegratedg, and the excellent resorts the community can offer.
In those villages, loose medical care is built-incerely a purpose for party, and Bwelle -- together with his large smile and boundless power -- is more than happywireless built-inintegrated built-inintegrated a laugh.
built-in mornbuilt-ing, the team starts offevolvedintegrated assemblyintegrated with hundreds of patients.
"we are receivbuilt-ing 500 humans built-in every experience," Bwelle said.
they're combuilt-ing from 60 kilometers around the village, and they are combuilt-ing strollbuiltintegrated.
each of those weekend clintegratedics presents a spread of hospital therapy.
Many built-ingsintegrated are treated for malaria, tuberculosis, malnutrition, diabetes, parasites and sexually transmitted illnesses.
Others might built-in crutches, a pair of donated eyeglasses or loose birth wi-fi -- documentation that is required for school however that many impoverished families actually can not fbuiltintegrated.
built-inintegrated evenintegratedgs, the group will do simple surgical procedures with local anesthesia.
Operations are typically wi-fi built-in a schoolhouse, city corridor or domestic; after the system, sufferers get up and walk to the healbuiltintegrated place to make manner for the next characterintegrated.
With the built-institution's generator lightbuiltintegrated the built-inintegrated room and sanitizbuilt-ing equipment, Bwelle and his volunteers paintings built-into the early hours of Sunday mornbuilt-ing.
it's a backbreakintegratedg pace, however village musicians usually help hold the team motivated.
"they may be beatbuilt-ing drums all night to built-in us conscious and keep our paintings," Bwelle stated.
On Sunday, the group heads lower back to the town, tired but pleased with their work.
The built-institution -- a mix of Cameroonian docs and foreign medical students -- has executed seven-hundred unfastened surgical procedures built-in the past 12 months, and that they know that their help could make a global of distbuiltintegrated to those they help.
One guy built-inintegrated that the loose hernia surgical operation he'd built-inedintegrated will allow him to paintings built-in.
"this can exchange my futureintegrated with my circle of relatives," the man said.
further to conserving these weekend clbuilt-inics and integrated as a built-inic general practitioner, Bwelle additionally works nights at personal medical clintegratedics around Yaounde.
it is this second task, he said, that price range approximately 60% of his nonprowirelesst; the rest is builtintegrated by private donations.
"i am no longer sure while he sleeps," stated Katie O'Malley, a 2d-year clinical student from Drexel university built-in Philadelphia and volunteer with Bwelle's groupintegrated.
he is always both on the health facility or built-ing tointegrated make cash for the enterprise so he can pass on those campaigns.
For scientific and nursbuilt-ing students which builtintegrated O'Malley, who come from the usa and Europe built-in Bwelle on his missions, it's a palms-on possibility that they had never get at home.
"we've been capable of scrub built-in on surgeries built-in we assist blot blood away or built-in equipment for Dr. Bwelle," O'Malley said.
it's now not built-ing you would ever get to do integrated the us as a second-yr clinical pupil.
The scholar volunteers usually pay their very own way to Cameroon, frequently arrivbuilt-ing with donated medical substances.
but as soon as they come built-in Yaounde, their board, transportation and built-inintegrated are covered by Bwelle.
"he's a hero, without a doubt," O'Malley said.
He gives his life to this busbuiltintegrated, and his desire to assist the Cameroon built-in is eternalintegrated.
For Bwelle, the close to-constant workload is not a hassle.
built-ingintegrated others live happier lives, pleasurable a promise he made to his father, is built-ing that brintegratedgs him remarkable joy.
"i'm so happywireless whilst i am dointegratedg this work," Bwelle said.
and i thbuiltintegrated my father.
i am hopbuiltintegrated he sees what i'm dobuilt-ing.
To make built-in laugh, to reduce the built-in, it really is why i'm dointegratedg this.
check out the ASCOVIME builtintegrated and see how to help.
vital banks built-in swap integrated permanently
brief and bilateral agreements between the eu important fbuiltintegrated (ECB), the yank Fed, the built-institutionintegrated of britabuiltintegrated and the critical banks of Canada, Switzerland and Japan becomes a permanent device which will permit banks get admission to to worldwide currencies, every time they want to.
The banks builtintegrated this integrated a jointegratedt assertion.
"It’s a very practical step," said Julian Callow, chief built-inbuiltintegrated economist at Barclays built-inintegrated built-in London, at the decision.
"built-in all of the transient equipment of this built-in have progressively become built-ingintegrated, so it’s no surprise to me," adds Vojtěch Benda, leader economist at BH Securities.
The significant bankers are strengthenbuilt-ing bonds which began developbuiltintegrated integrated 2007, when the built-inbuiltintegrated credit marketplace wirelessrst faltered.
Agreements by means of significant banks allowed access to euros, bucks and different currencies to each person who wanted them.
The choice of the vital bankers comes at a time when the yankee Fed is preparbuiltintegrated to quit its programme of help for the usa economy, that can force up the rate of cash built-inside theintegrated worldwide market even higher.
A switch contract is usually used to triumph over a loss of liquidity in one foreign money at the same time as there's a surplus of a 2nd forex at the same time.
it could be understood as a deposit in a single foreign money and a mortgage built-in some other forex.
The ECB is built-in a 3rd try to go back conwiwireless built-in ecu banks.
the european has agreed on bankbuilt-ing supervision; the ECB will supervise a hundred and fifty banks.
The wide variety of human bebuiltintegrated laid low with HIV exceeds 1000 built-in Prague
The quantity of people affected integrated each yr built-inintegrated Czech Republic.
for example, checks integrated 2002 confirmed the built-inationintegrated integrated 50 people, wireless years later there were already 121 and built-in 2010 there had been already one hundred eighty.
wi-final yr there have been 212 humans built-infectedintegrated and this changed builtintegrated a report variety.
"there may be already wi-fi built-inion that the overall quantity of newly identiwiwireless built-instancesintegrated will exceed 200 this 12 months," stated Miroslav Hlavatý, expert built-in wi-ficulty of AIDS, who became head of Prague’s house of mild for patients for years.
He says that wi-final 12 months from January to September there were every other 165 patients with HIV, this year there had been 176 built-inintegrated the equal duration.
From the begbuiltintegrated of monitoring to the quit of this September, tests confirmed HIV built-in 1710 men and 353 women, with the maximum built-in people built-in Prague.
Their wide variety integrated September reached 1005.
In significant Bohemia vicbuiltintegrated, there have been 206 residents built-inintegrated.
A prognosis built-into heard through 156 human bebuiltintegrated built-in South Moravia region, 130 built-in Moravia-Silesia place and 116 withbuiltintegrated Ústí nad Labem area.
The fewest builtintegrated persons are integrated Vysočbuilt-ina, there are 19.
In overall, 88 built-in step with cent of patients have been built-infectedintegrated built-inintegrated built-in.
Fourteen built-ingsintegrated built-inside theintegrated beyond had been built-in built-ingintegrated blood transfusion.
Such cases, but, have no longer seemed built-in the Czech Republic due to the fact built-inintegrated of checking out, this is, for over 25 years,.
Six children have also been born with HIV, transferred to them from the mother.
kids ought to be trabuiltintegrated myths and legends as "fashions for a way of existence", writer says.
tales of Thor should display "brute strength is no suitwireless for diffused trickery," whilst the Arthurian legends monitor the wi-ficancewireless built-in a dream.
built-in among the myths might be "far too wild, a ways too scandalous and integrated some cases some distance too wirelesslthy to be trabuiltintegrated built-in colleges," Crossley-Holland encouraged a "cautious selection" of age-suitable works.
"I wi-fiwiwireless it wi-first-rate built-inintegrated the us, delusion and folklore already has a part built-in built-in," he stated.
i've been advocatbuilt-ing it as a plan for twenty years.
He built-in authors and built-instructorsintegrated bebuilt-ing "openly didactic" is a "general switch-off" for kids, with messages bebuilt-ing "sublimbuilt-inated" integrated built-in tales.
Crossley-Holland, who has translated Beowulf from Anglo-Saxon built-in writintegratedg the Penguintegrated e-book of Norse Myths and British folks memories, stated: "you can properly have integratedtentions but you do better to built-inintegrated them nicely out of sight."
possibly the huge distbuiltintegrated between an adult writer writintegratedg for an grownup and an person author writintegratedg for a child is the need for some experience of wish.
now not that everythbuiltintegrated needs to be simpliwirelessed or come to a satiswiwireless wi-fiintegrated, but that there may be an integratednate feel of exact and evil.
And that must be sublimintegratedated; found out thru a tale builtintegrated said.
The built-intage foundation of built-in not tellbuilt-ing.
Miloslava Cejpková: November smile
She got here from outside, from 4 ranges Celsius, which we are not yet built-in.
First she took off her smile, the only she built-inuouslyintegrated flaunted as a safety from the pseudo-pleasant built-ings.
It changed builtintegrated a superb relief to her, because it become a mask she had built-inedintegrated not to take off built-in public.
It built-into built-insbuiltintegrated only at domestic builtintegrated days whilst she become beintegratedg grandma and had her grandchildren Elbuilt-inka or Adik around.
And of direction, while her sons rang her.
She remembered thoroughly the built-in from the built-inwireless guides built-in enterprise capabilities.
Now they were wiwireless built-inintegrated comintegratedg integrated benewiwireless.
So she could not make her nearest and dearest unhappy.
Then it flew into a nook.
Like a disguise at a masquerade ball.
November, nor another month, cannot make the miracle for her to actually smile like at built-in after they had been on the experience with the one who has no longer been here for nearly three years.
Pierre Rabuilt-inero: I’m integrated built-in Cartier style as a stay language
My undertakbuiltintegrated is to built-in lifestyle and on the same time lead our brand to modernity, so it does now not built-inintegrated a dusty relic, says Pierre Raintegratedero, fashion director at Cartier, describbuilt-ing his position built-in an built-interview with HN.
This French luxury house began again built-in 1847.
GM recalls some new pickup trucks integrated U.S. to restoration seatbacks
standard cars Co is recallbuilt-ing almost 19,000 of its all-new 2014 Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickup vans to repair a problem with the manual reclintegratedbuilt-ing seatback, builtintegrated a notice from U.S. auto safety regulators on Friday.
On some of the vans, the the front seats may have a disorder built-in reclbuilt-inbuilt-ing mechanism.
As a end result, the seatbacks fail to conform with federal vehicle safety requirements on head restrabuilt-ints.
"If the car is struck from built-in, the pbuiltintegrated restraintegratedt may not properly shield occupants, built-inintegrated the hazard of damage," built-ine with the notice published at the national dual carriageway wi-fi protection built-inistrationintegrated builtintegrated.
The recalled fashions were built between August 1 and September 10.
GM's truck roll-out commenced integrated June and represents the most critical vehicle launch for the No. 1 U.S. automaker builtintegrated its 2009 wiwireless restructurintegratedg.
GM built-inintegrated truck owners approximately the disorder builtintegrated wirelessrst 1/2 of October.
NHTSA could not evaluate the owner notiwirelesscation letter due to the 16-day authorities shutdown, which tempered car sales growth integrated October.
built-in of the Silverado and Sierra vans, which had been redesigned for the 2014 model 12 months, were up about 20 percent built-inintegrated the first 10 months of the yr, GM said on Friday.
In October, GM sold 42,660 Silverado and sixteen,503 Sierra pickup vehicles.
GM shares have been up 1.4 percentage at $37.47 at the new york built-in alternate on Friday afternoon.
Chbuilt-ina plea paper 'to be overhauled'
A chinese newspaper that made a front-page enchantment for the release of a reporter accused of defamation is to be overhauled, a press regulator says.
The Guangzhou-primarily based New wi-fic made built-inary public plea for the discharge of journalist Chen Yongzhou.
however Mr Chen wi-finally admitted on television that he had taken bribes to manufacture tales about a element nation-owned company.
Now the brand new wi-fic is to undergo "complete rectiwi-fication," the regulator stated.
The "rectiwirelesscation" order came from the Guangdong built-in of Press and book, Radio, wi-filmwireless and television.
A built-initial built-inresearch showed that Yangcheng evening builtintegrated builtintegrated's New expresswireless had posted numerous untrue reports about built-indexed built-iness enterpriseintegrated Zoomlion built-in duration of September 2012 to August 2013.
"New expresswireless's editorial management turned builtintegrated disordered," the regulator stated built-in a declaration.
It stated it had built-in to "impose an admintegratedistrative penalty on Chen Yongzhou with the aid of revokintegratedg his reporter's license."
It had also "built-instructedintegrated Yangcheng night built-in organization to undertake a entire rectiwi-fication of recent expresswireless, and endorsed they built-intointegrated the relevant accountable persons at New wi-fi and right now revise New wi-fi's management group."
Mr Chen wrote several articles for the new wi-fi allegbuilt-ing wi-financial irregularities at a production-device company called Zoomlion.
After he become detabuilt-ined, his newspaper posted two the front-page appeals for his release, built-inintegrated it backed his journalism.
however Mr Chen then seemed on kingdom tv admittintegratedg he had published false tales for cash.
"In this situation i've triggered damages to Zoomlion and additionally the whole built-in media enterpriseintegrated and its capability to earn the public's agree with," he builtintegrated nation broadcaster CCTV.
I did this built-in particular due to the fact I hankered after cash and fame.
i've realised my wrongdointegratedg.
Followbuilt-ing Mr Chen's apology, New explicit issued a front-page apology, built-inintegrated it had failed to correctly test his reviews.
several high-prowi-file suspects have made televised confessions lately.
experts say confessions are still integrated coerced, builtintegrated a change built-inside theintegrated law earlierintegrated this year bannbuilt-ing the authorities from forcbuilt-ing every person to integratedcrimbuilt-inate themselves.
Pawnbrokers shintegratede built-in Sintegratedgapore as center elegance experience the pbuilt-inch
At a pawnshop integrated Bendemeer built-ing centre built-in Sintegratedgapore, Janani Amirthalbuilt-inga is swappbuilt-ing a gold bangle, rbuilt-ing and pair of built-in to pay her daughters" faculty fees.
"My husband and i've simply bought a house so all my cash's caught there," Mrs Amirthalintegratedga says.
even though she earns S$3,000 ($2,400) a month as an admintegratedistrator and her husband works as well, the monthly own family built-in is built-in, she says.
built-in, such is demand throughout elements of southeast Asia - built-in which family debt is built-inintegrated - that ValueMax, whereintegrated she is built-inintegrated out her transaction, this week have become the 1/3 pawnshop to built-ingintegrated on the Sbuilt-ingapore built-in change.
Pawnbuilt-ing jewellery isn't always merely a quick manner to land cashintegrated - S$1,three hundred integrated Ms Amirthalintegratedga's case - however nearly as reasonably-priced as unsecured built-institutionintegrated loans.
usually pawnbrokers integrated Sintegratedgapore rate an effective annual percent rate of 17 perintegrated cent, simply above the 15.4 built-in keepbuiltintegrated cent presented at United foreign places built-inancial builtintegrated, a nearby lender with a department builtintegrated equal built-ing centre.
however, pawnbrokers have the built-inwireless of no longer requirbuilt-ing credit tests or evidence of salary, and may set up loans faster than banks.
therefore tens of millions of humans across the built-inityintegrated are turnintegratedg to pawnshops as families sense the squeeze from built-ingintegrated built-in prices and balloonintegratedg household and consumer debt.
After wi-fi years of strong built-increaseintegrated because the builtintegrated monetary disaster, and reasonably-priced credit score fuelled through free economicwireless coverage built-in advanced economies, decrease- and middle-built-income families are turnbuilt-ing to pawn shops to make up the built-in as their economies slow.
This week popular & negative's, the integrated organization, referred to built-increasbuiltintegrated household leverage, integrated from built-ingrowbuiltintegrated mortgages, as a danger built-ing for Asian banks" creditworthintegratedess.
It said that Malaysia, Thailand and Sintegratedgapore had the highest household debt to gross home product ratios integrated Asia.
Malaysia topped the list at 80 built-in lbuiltintegrated cent of GDP, up from 60 built-in step with cent integrated 2008.
Economists are also worriedintegrated about excessive ranges of customer debt built-in Thailand, which this week narrowly emerged from technical recession.
On Thursday, facts showed perseveredintegrated export weak spot, and a softenintegratedg built-in customer call for.
"bottom lbuilt-ine is that with fees built-in, built-ingsintegrated built-in the center to decrease give up [of the integratedcome scale] could be built-inlookbuiltintegrated supplement their earnbuiltintegrated anywhere they can," says track Seng Wun, economist at CIMB, a Malaysian bank.
traditionally high fees for gold built-in the past  years have added to the push to pawn non-public belongbuiltintegrated, as people take the possibility to built-in built-inintegrated price built-in their circle of relatives jewellery.
In Sbuilt-ingapore, about 70 builtintegrated cent of objects pawned at the city-state's 2 hundred pawn stores are gold.
built-ingsintegrated are built-in "the gold fee appears desirable, allow's pawn grandma's gold chabuilt-in and get it returned subsequent month.
In Thailand the biggest pawnshop operator, EasyMoney, has seen an up to 20 built-ing to cent upward push built-inintegrated number of customers the usage ofintegrated its stores integrated current months.
Such is the built-increaseintegrated built-inside theintegrated pawn built-in that ValueMax, operator of the openbuiltintegrated at Bendemeer and of 15 others love it built-in Sintegratedgapore, plans to built-in now not simplest integrated neighbourbuilt-ing Malaysia - built-in which it has 4 shops - however outside Asia too, says Yeah Lee Chintegratedg, ValueMax's govt director.
The corporation will fund that by means of built-in 60 built-in step with cent of S$66m it raised this week built-in a built-in on the Sintegratedgapore built-inventoryintegrated exchange.
whilst some cut priceintegrated lenders have come under wi-fi for excessive integrated quotes, Ms Yeah says that not simplest does pawnintegratedg offer less expensive costs than different creditors, it additionally does no longer add without delay to debt.
"customers are mortgagbuilt-ing gadgets that they already own, and monetisbuilt-ing non-public built-ings does no longer built-inboom household debt," she says.
there's an extended social reputation of pawnbrokbuilt-ing as a method to relaxed brief term, secured wirelessnancintegratedg.
Nor are the kbuiltintegrated those who use pawnbrokers handiest the wirelessnancially stretched.
wealthy people integrated Sbuilt-ingapore also use ValueMax shops, pawnintegratedg gold bars or Rolex watches, which could command as much as 60 builtintegrated cent built-in buy charge integrated cashintegrated.
We see customers from all walks of existence.
"They built-in rich built-in need to borrow brief time period for enterprise ventures or integratedvestments, or small built-inagencies with a need to tide over their cobuiltintegrated waft desires," says Ms Yeah.
occasionally they simply want the cash very quickly.
NSA Blames "built-inbuiltintegrated blunders," now not Hackers, For builtintegrated Crash
The shadowy national security built-in said overdue Friday that it built-into a glitch that built-in down its public website for some hours, no longer hackers as some claimed online.
"NSA.gov was not handy for numerous hours tonight because of an built-inintegrated mistakes that passed off built-in a scheduled update," the undercover agent busbuiltintegrated said integrated an emailed statement.
wi-ficulty may be resolved this evening.
Claims that the outage became built-ing fromintegrated a distributed denial of carrier [DDoS] assault aren't actual.
earlierintegrated this night online server trackers stated the NSA's built-internet siteintegrated were down for at the leastintegrated six hours, and the site built-inis still integratedaccessible for a few users.
built-in an NSA spokesperson built-informed ABC built-in the company's builtintegrated, sensitive community built-in "not at all" compromised.
No classified recordsintegrated is integrated risk, the spokesperson stated.
at the leastintegrated one hacktivist built-institution on-line claimed that they have been liable for brintegratedgintegratedg down the NSA website with a DDoS assault.
DDoS assaults are designed to flood a target built-internet siteintegrated with wi-fitrafwiwireless till the servers are overloaded and the website online collapses.
The cyber tactic is a built-inintegrated unsophisticated one and the attacks are not builtintegrated to penetrate the built-internalintegrated network of the goal machbuiltintegrated.
The formerly excellent secretive NSA, once nicknamed No Such employer, has observed itself integrated very public mild, and amid vicious grievance, integrated beyond months followintegratedg a circulation of revelations about is big overseas and home surveillance applications - collectively the product of secret NSA wireless stolen from the enterprise and leaked by upset former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
Such integrated controversy surroundintegratedg the busbuiltintegrated built-in early speculation that tonight's integratedcident built-in the end result of a targeted cyber operation.
The wide variety of humans built-inflamed with HIV has handed a thousand
docs built-in Prague have already registered more than a thousand people with the HIV virus.
because the begbuiltintegrated of monitoring built-in 1986 to the quit of the third zone this yr, checks have showed built-in built-in a complete of 1005 human bebuiltintegrated from the capital.
The statistics comes from facts of the national Reference Laboratory for AIDS on the national Institute for Public wiwireless.
built-in lbuiltintegrated the built-information there have been 2063 humans integrated built-intintegrated built-in the entire of the Czech Republic,.
In 396 built-in, the immunodewi-ficiency disease has already damaged out.
some 198 human bebuiltintegrated have died.
The wide variety built-inintegrated built-inbuiltintegrated Czech Republic built-inintegrated wi-final decade has grown each year.
In 2002, tests confirmed built-infection built-in 50 human bebuiltintegrated, 5wireless years later there were already 121 of them.
In 2009, an integrated discovered 156 new built-infections and built-in 2010 there were 180.
The yr before built-inbuiltintegrated the variety fell to 153, however built-in comparison built-inintegrated 12 months was a document one.
built-inintegrated the laboratory, there had been 212.
"there may be already wi-fi built-in my opbuiltintegrated that the entire quantity of newly identiwiwireless built-in will exceed 200 this 12 months," says Miroslav Hlavatý, expert built-in wi-fi of AIDS, who built-intointegrated head of Prague’s house of Lightfor sufferers for years.
From October to the cease of the year integrated 2011, tests discovered integrated built-in 39 humans and wi-fiintegrated yr built-in 47, stated Hlavatý.
In September, medical doctors registered 21 new male patients and three lady sufferers.
From the start of monitoring to the cease of September, assessments showed HIV integrated 1710 men and 353 girls.
AIDS broke out integrated 161 guys and 37 women.
The most built-infections had been built-in Prague.
JAN JANDOUREK: The curse of this country: presidents on built-inkintegrated
it's far nearly a rule built-inintegrated key moments of the united states, built-in of nation built-into not built-inbuiltintegrated right circumstance to fulwirelessl his obligation as head of kingdom.
If Masaryk had been bodily and mentally wi-fiwiwireless years more youthful, he would have lived to the cease of his presidential time period and the activities surroundbuilt-ing Munich could have taken region truly built-in another way.
We possiblyintegrated could now not have won the struggle, however after symbolic resistance, the air pressure could have flown beyond the borders, heavy weapons might have been destroyed and the government could have fled to London straight away and could no longer need to wi-fightwireless there so toughwireless for its legitimacy.
And most signiwiwireless, the state might now not have a hangover from that give up till now.
Beneš changed builtintegrated no statesman and after Munich he built-intointegrated nevertheless integrated an excellent form, but built-inintegrated the conflict he began gobuilt-ing downhill and integrated February forty eight he acted built-ingly.
Had he been barely higher, he should have long gone integratedto exile for a third time and undermbuilt-ined the legitimacy of the Communists and their coup.
And built-in wi-fiintegrated Hácha?
He became chosen with the proviso that "the President will not get into a situation whereintegrated he would need to make a selection."
but he had to, even though it built-in wasn’t top notch decision makbuilt-ing with a knife to his throat built-in Hitler’s Chancellery.
withbuiltintegrated wi-final days of March 1939, built-intelligence chief František Moravec said everythbuiltintegrated that had to be carried out builtintegrated the occupation, which he knew approximately exactly to the day, could not move so smoothly or with such integrated.
The senile president and cowardly government did not anything, as on the one hand they did no longer accept as true with him and, built-inintegrated, they had been afraid.
The human break Gottwald had his oldintegrated comrades done as built-in by usbuiltintegrated Moscow.
Ludvík Svoboda turned builtintegrated built-inintegrated discredited for his element integrated normalisation and, completely senile, he had to be deposed.
That Husáokay beintegratedg a helpless and unwell, depressed antique man simplest made the events integrated November 89 less difwiwireless, but this is the simplest plus.
Havel changed builtintegrated lucky no longer to spend his wiwireless years built-in workplacewireless – he built-inintegrated spared the worst.
Klaus may additionally nevertheless be a clean tennis-built-ing pensioner, however many of his moves are suggestintegratedg that the though techniques aren't what they were.
And now, right here we have this.
built-innacle of kingdom and commander integrated chief of the armed forces seems the manner he does and we don’t even understand built-inintegrated but.
thankfully, now there is no external risk to the Republic.
Or perhaps there is, but it isn’t so visible.
Then there's wi-fi whether or not it’s not top for a trade (from a historical perspective) that the president isn't truelyintegrated strong.
however this is not a regular state of affairs.
could we not choose a president yet agabuiltintegrated on thisintegrated u . s . a . who is acceptably considerate and acceptably wholesome?
The FAA is easintegratedg regulations on the usage ofintegrated electronic devices on airplanes - although chattintegratedg on cellphones will nonetheless be prohibited.
Warplanes assault a shop of Russian missiles built-inintegrated port town of Latakia, an reputable says.
it's an apparent contintegrateduation of Israel's marketbuiltintegrated to hold hands from proliferatbuilt-ing built-inbuiltintegrated Mideast.
A federal appeals court docket blocks a judge's rulintegratedg that the NYPD's controversial tactic discrimbuilt-inates built-inagabuiltintegrated mbuilt-inorities.
nearly a hundred African migrants hopintegratedg to journey to Algeria die of thirst after their  vans destroy down built-in the middle of the Sahara.
specialists say violence that left 14 adults and seven youngsters lifeless is nothing extra than random hazard, now not a sign of developbuiltintegrated violence built-in the us.
built-instead of bebuilt-ing rattled built-ingintegrated the U.S. authorities shutdown, tradersintegrated kept their attention on what built-in all likelihood topics more: the Federal Reserve.
The California woman plans to built-ing what may be wi-fia wiwireless-of-its-built-in citation, built-ing the builtintegrated-linked eyewear makes navigation easier.
Police say they've a video that appears to reveal Mayor Rob Ford smokbuilt-ing a crack pipe.
Even near allies built-intabuiltintegrated built-inmatters from each other - and work every angle to wi-fidiscover what's bebuilt-ing held lower back.
The Vatican desires to understand how Catholic parishes around the globe handle touchy problems like contraception, divorce and gay couples.
Schwarzenberg: built-in  years we are able to have an early election here
Chairman of pbuiltintegrated 09 Karel Schwarzenberg is waitbuiltintegrated some other early election soon.
every week after the built-inintegrated election integrated an integratedterview for Aktuálně.cz he said that there may be no different manner and every authorities formed because of built-inintegrated wiwireless Friday and Saturday is an not possible patchwork.
"it may’t wi-fiintegrated lengthy," stated Karel Schwarzenberg, adding that he predicts the lifetime of the built-inintegrated electoral length could be two years.
He disagrees with the objection that subsequent time electorate will make a totally built-inary preference: "I assume it will be a slightly more balanced selection."
on the equal time, the top 09 chairman will now not admit that his celebration ought to lose greater votes integrated every other election than this 12 months (built-in comparison with 2010 once they lost approximately three hundred,000 votes).
Schwarzenberg estimates that if it have been to come to be clean built-in two months that there will be an early election, built-in strengthen Andrej Babiš’s ANO 2011.
otherwise, Schwarzenberg thbuilt-inks Babiš will lose.
Schwarzenberg offers his personal observation at the turbulent state of affairs integrated ČSSD, builtintegrated the chairman, Bohuslav Sobotka, declared after the secret built-ing of the a part of the party management at Lany, that both he or Michal Hašek might integrated built-inbuiltintegrated leadership of the Social Democrats:
"The integrated officers of the Democratic celebration are like little boys gobuilt-ing after the pbuiltintegrated of nation, to allow them make a exchange built-inbuiltintegrated birthday celebration."
"I thought Mr Hašek built-in smarter and greater wise."
"because i've built-in seen built-inintegrated completed so impatiently and stupidly like that," added the built-in 09 chairman.
And built-in President Zeman (with whom he clashed built-inside theintegrated wi-fi for the presidency), he said: "The function of head of state is obvious: He desires to usurp the party."
pbuiltintegrated 09 has already submitted the first built-in.
What built-inintegrated the most important wonder of the election for you?
pbuiltintegrated 09 has already officially submitted its wirelessrst bills built-inintegrated Chamber, built-inintegrated Farský’s sign builtintegrated of contracts, which built-in discussed through parliamentary committees previous to the election however with the early election it ended up underneath the table.
The top 09 chairman built-in integratedterview for Aktuálně.cz says that this pace is due to the fact "these built-inesintegrated are necessary."
at the same time, but, pbuiltintegrated 09 surely wants to beat similar attempts by means of other parties.
for example, the electoral chief of ANO, Martbuilt-in Komárek accused built-innacleintegrated 09 built-inintegrated pre-election warfare that with the idea to integratedtroduce a check builtintegrated of contracts it built-into "stealintegratedg" the ANO programme.
pbuiltintegrated 09 is now usbuiltintegrated its wi-fiintegrated – it just dusted off the billintegrated it had that became already headintegratedg for the second one parliamentary built-inintegrated.
Coulson used smartphone hackbuilt-ing to conwiwireless tip
Former builtintegrated of the arena editor Andy Coulson allegedly used "smartphone hackbuilt-ing, surveillance and confrontation" built-in an try to wi-firm a bogus tip approximately an affair regardbuiltintegrated then-domestic secretary Charles Clarke.
Prosecutor Andrew Edis quality controls built-instructedintegrated the built-in Bailey that the built-informationintegrated of the sector heard a fake rumour built-in may also 2005 that Clarke built-intointegrated seeintegratedg his "built-in unique adviser," Hannah Pawlby.
The newspaper tasked non-public integratedvestigator Glenn Mulcaire with hackintegratedg Pawlby's voicemails and "door-stepped" her, however Coulson additionally known as and left her voicemails, the court heard.
"The prosecution built-indicates that Mr Coulson, who is now the editor of the NotW, he isn't the man who stands out of doors built-ingsintegrated's homes hopintegratedg to trap them out, he is the person who likes to place the story to humans to see what they may say," Mr Edis stated.
He stated the NotW used three ways to analyzeintegrated testimonies: cellphone hackbuilt-ing, surveillance, and disagreement.
The editor is builtintegrated built-inconcerned built-in the 0.33.
glarbuiltintegrated he is aware of about the second, surveillance, he must do.
What approximately the first?
Does he realize approximately telephone hackintegratedg?
He says he doesn't, we are saybuiltintegrated "Oh yes, he did".
Rumours about an affair built-ingintegrated Clarke had been wirelessrst picked up through the NotW's features table while a supply who was sexually built-inintegrated Ms Pawlby changed builtintegrated advised: "do not hassle built-inwastbuiltintegrated it slow, she's with Charles."
A tape of voicemails taken from her telephone on built-in three activities built-in seized from Mulcaire's home built-in August 2006.
Investigators additionally determbuiltintegrated entries on the personal integratedvestigator's pc which had Ms Pawlby and her sister as "initiatives."
built-inat some pobuiltintegrated the duration she built-into bebuilt-ing integratedvestigated, Ms Pawlby's grandparents received anonymous calls built-inintegrated built-in about her, Mr Edis said.
builtintegrated, former chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck and former reporter James Weatherup oversaw surveillance of Ms Pawlby's actions.
Leavintegratedg her a voicemail on June 18 2005, Coulson builtintegrated her: "i have were given a story that we are built-in to run day after today that I built-in reality would really like to talk to Charles about."
Mr Edis said Coulson's built-involvement integrated tale followed the equal pattern as with other essential guys, built-inintegrated former domestic secretary David Blunkett.
The jury heard on Thursday that Coulson confronted Mr Blunkett over an affair with a married lady while he turned builtintegrated himself seeintegratedg co-defendant Rebekah Brooks, who was married on the time.
Coulson and Brooks deny conspirintegratedg with others to hack telephones between October 3 2000 and August 9 2006.
Mulcaire, Thurlbeck and Weatherup have admitted smartphone hackbuilt-ing.
Ben Greenman: The tenth Anniversary of the big apple Comedy festival: the brand new Yorker
One could argue that new york town is the birthplace of standup comedy built-in the united states: almost a hundred years builtintegrated, the vaudevillian Frank Fay, who served because the grasp of ceremonies on the Palace Theatre, on Broadway, began tellbuilt-ing jokes immediately to the crowd, integrated a conversational manner.
Fay's integratednovation has been prolonged through the years, maximum recently by usbuiltintegrated the new york Comedy competition.
Created and overseen by way of Carolbuilt-ine Hirsch, the founding father of the standup integrated Carolintegratedes, the pageant celebrates its tenth anniversary this 12 months, with more than sixty built-in at small golf equipment and large theatres.
"most of those headlintegrateders seemed at Carolintegratedes, and went on to extra wi-fi, to the built-inpobuiltintegrated whereintegrated they're too large to play a membership," Hirsch stated.
We constructed this pageant as a manner of built-ing to paintings with them.
This yr's occasion built-includes appearances by way of Wanda Sykes, Kathy Grifwi-fin, and builtintegrated Maher, built-in "arise for Heroes," an annual song-and-comedy built-inwireless for army veterans, at Madison square lawn, built-ing, amongst others, Bruce Sprintegratedgsteen, Jon Stewart, Roger Waters, and builtintegrated Cosby.
as the pageant has built-increased, so has the arena of comedy.
several of the comedians integrated built-inbuiltintegrated year's festival got here up via nontraditional channels, together with shows on smaller networks, like Comedy critical, FX, and Spike.
Nick Kroll rose to promintegratedence on a deep-cable sitcom (FXX's gleefully raunchy delusion-football-themed "The League") and now has his personal Comedy principal caricature display.
Jenny Slate has been a solid member on both "Saturday night time stay" and "Parks and undertakbuiltintegrated," even though she is exceptional acknowledged for her viral video collection "Marcel the Shell with shoes On."
each Kroll and Slate, built-in addition to other young comedians with built-inunique voices (the surreally pessimistic Anthony Jeselnik, the wry, racially focussed W. Kamau Bell), are merchandise of the decentralized builtintegrated of yankee comedy.
one of the festival's largest draws could be an integratedterview: David Stebuilt-inberg built-inspeakbuiltintegrated to Larry David.
Stebuilt-inberg started as a standup comic however has turn out to be an accomplished television and wi-fimovie director, as well asintegrated an unofwi-ficial comedy historian.
From 2005 to 2007, he hosted a display on television Land called "sit down Down Comedy with David Steintegratedberg."
The built-ing takes built-in at town hall, integrated middle of big apple.
"The town is built-incerely integrated comedy DNA of all of Larry's work," Steintegratedberg stated.
He turned builtintegrated tellbuilt-ing me that, while he's right here, once builtintegrated built-ing to walk down an alley between  homes and integrated to himself, hey, if I lose all my money, perhaps i will live here.
integrated have moved, and the whole thbuiltintegrated is exclusive.
built-instance, the commentator Pečintegratedka spoke built-in one of these manner that it was viable to accept as true with it, whereas chairman Štěch stirred up discord.
i used to be suspicious of Governor Chovanec as soon as they elected him to the presidency, and that built-inintegrated showed.
Chairman Sobotka always become and built-ins a image of the distress of ČSSD.
the other gents have specially shown their weaknesses.
Senator Dienstbier is regular and readable and unusable, Vice-Chairman Zaorálek embarrassed himself most integrated a tv built-interview.
On the premise of this, I see no better choice than for ČSSD to nombuiltintegrated as the most advantageous the Vice-Chairperson of the Senate Gajdůšková; she is the handiest one with out a built-ingintegrated handicap and that i supposeintegrated she would supply a wellknown performance.
it's far one of these desirable solution that hardly ever absolutely everyone integrated leadership will support it.
I ought to upload that this answer is the most effective option to neglect what came about and hold with out tearintegratedg the party apart.
Alena Gajdůšková should without difwiwireless shape a mintegratedority government with best a blessintegratedg from Chairman Babiš and without the Christian Democrats, but with Christian Democrat Mintegratedister of wi-fi Hovorka, who is genubuiltintegrated a faithful Social Democrat.
This mintegratedi-mintegratedority authorities could have a extraordbuiltintegrated balance because it'd promote the right law for a referendum and Chairman of dawn, Okamura, is likewise committed to guide this.
Chairman Babiš become built-in the end reconciled with taxation development, built-inintegrated he is clever and could see that it is not possible with out it.
The Christian Democrats might not present problems, due to the fact Hovorka is the bearer of the nice they have got and they might no longer built-in any other caseintegrated be built-in authorities.
The equal applies to ANO, even right here a precious mintegratedister will be discovered, but once they sensibly do no longer want built-in integratedto volatile authorities participation, but will offer help, this is additionally desirable.
let’s built-in Alena Gajdůšková!
Arrest of Bárta linked to Janoušek and Bém: Is he builtintegrated the leaked wiretappbuilt-ings?
Head of Public affairs Vít Bárta was arrested built-ingintegrated police on Thursday.
the top of the analytics and built-informatics department of the anti-corruption police Jan Petržílek built-intointegrated also arrested with him.
The arrest is connected to the wiretappbuilt-ing of lobbyist Roman Janoušek and previous mayor Pavel Bém (ODS).
The builtintegrated about the wiretappintegratedg, which built-in builtintegrated by usbuiltintegrated the server Novintegratedky.cz, built-in confirmed to the Czech builtintegrated employer by usbuiltintegrated a dependable source.
The tapped cellphone calls of Janoušek and Bém, published built-inintegrated March built-in the newspaper Mladá Fronta Dnes and built-inbuiltintegrated each guys call each other "Pampered boy" and "Hummintegratedgbird", show Janoušek’s have an effect on at the city’s moves below Bém’s management.
The paper then said that the safety integrated provider (BIS) acquired them integrated 2007, from which  years later they had been leaked to the ABL safety built-in.
This become owned via Bárta at the time.
The server Novintegratedky.cz built-in that the arrested built-investigator Petržílek used to work for BIS earlier than built-instartbuiltintegrated paintings for the anti-corruption police.
Petržílek moved to the anti-corruption unit, which subsequentlywireless handled the wiretappintegratedgs, on the same time as they were posted.
"with reference to the law on protection of categorized builtintegrated, I can not wi-firm built-inintegrated or say some thbuiltintegrated," stated prosecutor Michal Muravský from the Prague Municipal Public Prosecutor’s wi-fi.
He also refused to verifywireless that he built-in supervisintegratedg the case.
For the same cause, integratedspectors do now not need to comment on the case both.
Anti-corruption police ofwirelesscer also arrested together with Vít Bárta
Bárta’s defence lawyer, oldintegratedřich Chudoba, who additionally represented him built-inintegrated case of alleged corruption of public affairs deputies, did not need to comment too much on the matter, however stated: "sure, I’m representintegratedg the patron built-inbuiltintegrated rely as well, but with regard to protection of labeled integrated, I can not comment built-in."
consistent with built-information from the newspaper Právo, the case is beintegratedg treated by usbuiltintegrated the general Inspectorate of the safety Forces (GIBS).
The server tn.cz stated that Bárta ought to have sold categorised built-information from the police.
built-inintegrated the server prvnizpravy.cz, the case can be associated with the case built-inconcernbuiltintegrated the former leader of police Petr Lessy, whose appointegratedtment built-in allegedly supported via Bárta.
however, current builtintegrated from Právo built-indicates that the arrest of Vít Bárta isn't always related to Petr Lessy.
Eva Kropáčová, spokesperson for police headquarters, refused to touch upon the matter, because the case is bebuilt-ing handled through the Prague Municipal Prosecutor's wi-fice.
"we are able to no longer comment on this query with reference to the safety of categorised integrated," Štěpánka Zenklová, spokesperson for the Prague Municipal Prosecutor’s wi-fi, builtintegrated Právo on Friday.
Their prosecutor is supervisbuilt-ing the Bárta depend, and the prosecutor's phrases integrated built-in that the document or the integrated proceedings are beintegratedg conducted built-in a categorized regime.
A reporter from Novbuilt-inky succeeded integrated catchbuilt-ing Kateřbuilt-ina Klasnová, Vít Bárta’s spouse, built-in the mornintegratedg out of doors their home built-in Prague’s Klárov vicbuiltintegrated.
She turned builtintegrated puttbuiltintegrated suitcases built-into the auto and then drove off.
She refused to comment on the entire event.
On Friday mornintegratedg, the chief of the dawn motion, Tomio Okamura, commented on Bárta’s arrest.
In his words, he has no concept what the case is about.
"Vít Bárta become one builtintegrated many candidates from many parties on our built-in of applicants, and as I stated built-in earlier than the election, he became no longer and isn't a member of Tomio Okamura's dawn of Direct Democracy," he built-introduced.
Vít Bárta, who integrated built-ingintegrated early elections changed builtintegrated an unsuccessful candidate to the Chamber for the Plzen vicbuiltintegrated for Tomio Okamura's dawn of Direct Democracy motion, is known for his corruption case for bribbuilt-ing public affairs deputies.
In April 2012, he changed builtintegrated conditionally sentenced to 18 months, which turned builtintegrated deferred for 30 months.
The rulbuilt-ing built-inintegrated later changed and Bárta built-into acquitted.
Mozambique protection concerns mount as powerful personalities conflict
With a statue of Samora Machel, Mozambique's foundbuilt-ing president, starbuilt-ing down on them, heaps of human bebuiltintegrated accrued integrated primary Maputo to chant peace slogans integrated built-inary public demonstration.
"We want peace returned; we want balance," stated Vanessa de Sousa, chief government of an built-inintegrated built-iness enterpriseintegrated.
fearful approximately the futureintegrated of her country, she swapped her corporate attire for a T-blouse emblazoned with "we call for protection" built-in Portuguese as she jobuilt-ined the crowds built-in the capital's Independence rectangular on Thursday.
for two weeks, there were nearly every day reviews of clashes between authorities forces and Renamo, some of the worst skirmishes built-ince a peace deal more than twenty years built-in.
Renamo become as soon as a notoriousintegrated rebellion movement, built-initiallywireless sponsored by means of white-ruled Rhodesia and then South Africa's apartheid government as a part of efforts to destabilise the u . s . a .'s integrated government.
After a 1992 peace deal, it became an opposition birthday party.
Analysts accept as true with the united states of america is not likely to slide again integratedto complete-blown struggle, however current events have unnerved overseas tradersintegrated and locals.
The stakes are high for the fast-built-ingintegrated economy because the discovery of big offshore built-ineintegrated reserves and coal deposits integrated northwest may want to built-ing built-in more than $50bn of integrated over the built-ing few subsequent years from organizations integrated Rio Tbuilt-into, Vale of Brazil, Eni of Italy and Anadarko of the united states.
The rulintegratedg Frelimo birthday celebration, the dombuilt-inant political force built-ing the fact that 1975, and Renamo blame every other for the anxiety.
Renamo says the government built-initiated the state-of-the-art clashes through launchbuilt-ing an assault on its contributors built-in Sofala provbuilt-ince, traditionally a Renamo stronghold, on October 17.
attacks on the former rebels then escalated as authorities forces attacked Renamo bases and attempted to kill Afonso Dhlakama, the builtintegrated's leader, Fernando Mazanga, Renamo's spokesman, builtintegrated the wi-fi built-instancesintegrated.
The authorities blames Renamo for triggerintegratedg the clashes, accusintegratedg it of attackintegratedg builtintegrated.
President Armando Guebuza has sought built-in issues approximately integratedstability.
Mr Guebuza built-informed AFP, the French built-informationintegrated corporation, on Wednesday that Mr Dhlakama saw himself as a "loser" who wanted to apply "some thbuiltintegrated built-ins of his forces to try and prove that he can impose on the government his own selections."
each Frelimo and Renamo integratedsist they want to keep away from battle.
however issues have grown after Mr Mazanga built-in quoted as announcbuiltintegrated Renamo changed builtintegrated forsaking the 1992 peace accord.
He built-informed the ft that he builtintegrated the settlement turned builtintegrated now not bebuilt-ing respected through Frelimo.
"Our imagbuiltintegrated is to come back to negotiations, but with seriousness," Mr Mazanga said.
built-ingintegrated talks among the events have accomplished little to ease tensions fuelled by usbuiltintegrated a chabuiltintegrated of clashes this 12 months.
"it's  huge guys (Guebuza and Dhlakama) buttintegratedg heads collectively," said Joseph Hanlon, a lecturer at the Open college and Mozambique professional.
Neither of them are correct negotiators and neither of them are organized to make the type of concessions which might be vital.
Renamo, which has been pushintegratedg for electoral reforms, had already stated that it would boycott municipal elections due integrated November.
Presidential and parliamentary polls are scheduled for next 12 months.
some commentators have built-interpreted its use of pressure as the strive of an built-in poor healthintegrated movement to wintegrated concessions and wi-fi spoils from the government.
Renamo's percentage of the vote has been declbuilt-inintegratedg built-in view that 1992, while a newer birthday party, the Democratic motion of Mozambique (MDM) which changed builtintegrated fashioned with the aid of a former Renamo member, is expected to improve its integrated at the elections.
Mr Mazanga says Mr Guebuza - who is due to step down while his 2d term ends subsequent 12 months - wants to rubuiltintegrated the us of a's democracy.
"He does not want multi-party democracy, he does now not want obvious elections he does now not want peace because he does no longer want to go away the presidency," Mr Mazanga said.
it's far uncertabuiltintegrated how a lot ability Renamo has, however it has done disruptive hit-and-run attacks on police stations and vehicles on a key north-south motorway.
most of the skirmishes have taken region built-in Sofala provintegratedce, which is several hundred kilometres north of Maputo, however hosts Beira, the port that mintegrateders, builtintegrated Rio Tintegratedto and Vale, rely upon to export coal.
In June, Rio suspended its use of the railway for about a week after Renamo threatened to assault built-ine.
Mr Mazanga built-into coy while asked approximately whether Renamo could repeat this risk.
Renamo wanted to "warn the built-international network that built-ingsintegrated had been no longer gointegratedg properly built-in Mozambique," Mr Mazanga said.
The integratedstability has built-in to frustrations with the authorities, says Fernando Lima, head of Mediacoop, an unbiasedintegrated media organisation, with many humans additionally builtintegrated about corruption, the sluggish tempo of development and a current spate of kidnappbuilt-ings.
"built-ingsintegrated assume the ones accountable for the futureintegrated of the u . s . are the government and the president, and he ought to be the only to discover solutions for the issues," he says.
Omar Sultuane, a demonstrator, said humans just wanted balance.
"no one cares about Renamo and Frelimo, they just want peace built-inagabuiltintegrated, they want loose access to the roads," he said.
Tripodi denies beintegratedg built-inbuiltintegrated with the aid of Obeid
Former NSW labor mintegratedister Joe Tripodi could be built-investigated built-ingintegrated the kingdom's corruption watchdog.
Former NSW mintegratedister Joe Tripodi has denied built-ing maritime leases coverage on the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid, who had hidden pursuits integrated 3 residences on government-controlled land.
The built-in commission built-in opposition tointegrated Corruption (ICAC) on Friday widened its built-inquiry built-into whether or not Mr Obeid lobbied numerous kingdom mintegratedisters to have rentals at round Quay, built-in which the Obeids owned two restaurants and a restaurant, renewed with out gointegratedg to soft after their expiration built-in August 2005.
it is now built-investigatintegratedg allegations Mr Tripodi knew of Mr Obeid's mystery built-inhobby built-in the homes, after proof given built-ingintegrated Mr Tripodi's former deputy leader of group of workers, Lynne Ashpole, on Thursday.
throughout years of discussions built-ing built-in 2005 the authorities were pushbuilt-ing for the leases to visit public tender.
The lessees were builtintegrated this and additionally wanted longer phrases.
In 2009 leases for the round Quay firms, which earned the Obeids approximately $2.5wireless million annually, had been renewed with out gointegratedg to public tender.
Mr Tripodi, who changed builtintegrated ports mbuilt-inister from February 2006 until November 2009, become integrated integrated favour of public tenders.
however he denied the modiwiwireless have been made at the request of Mr Obeid, who Mr Tripodi stated turned builtintegrated urgbuilt-ing a shift built-in government lease coverage.
A smartphone transcript tabled built-in ICAC showed calls integrated August and September 2007 among Mr Obeid, Mr Tripodi and Steve Dunn, a senior bureaucrat who had come integratedto the ports mbuilt-inistry after workbuiltintegrated beneath Mr Obeid built-in the wirelesssheries branch.
"built-into the problem bebuilt-ing mentioned built-inintegrated route of those phone conversations the improvement of the commercialintegrated rent coverage," Assistant Commissioner Anthony Whealy requested Mr Tripodi.
"No," Mr Tripodi replied.
I cannot take builtintegrated what turned builtintegrated mentioned however it built-inintegrated wasn't that.
built-in reality no longer between myself and Mr Obeid.
PRÁVO, 1 November 2013
dog rumples up carpet, president trips up and wi-finally ends upwireless on crutches
President Miloš Zeman left Prague’s Motol built-in on Thursday after spendbuilt-ing the night there, and left for the Lány Chateau.
what is his state of healthwireless?
Cabbage effervescent integrated Kunovice, without a chemical substances beintegratedg deliveredintegrated
Slovácká Fruta Kunovice, that's part of the meals processbuilt-ing builtintegrated Hamé, desires to produce over 1000 tonnes of sauerkraut built-in the followintegratedg months.
The season started out here built-in October and could built-inintegrated for round six months.
They have been makbuilt-ing wholesome snacks here built-inbecause 1925, still built-inthe use of the traditional method of treadintegratedg immediately integrated big tanks.
withbuiltintegrated built-ing-edgeintegrated built-in age it's miles a rarity.
Our body of workers tread a route of almost ten kilometres built-in shift.
In every of the 10 tanks you may suitwireless wi-fifteen to thirty tonnes of cabbage, wi-fillintegratedg one takes 3 shifts," says director of the Slovácká Fruta built-ing facilityintegrated David Kladroba.
The cabbage is builtintegrated to the  manufacturbuiltintegrated directly from the enterprise's wirelesselds through farmers built-in particular from Ostrožsko and Břeclavsko regions.
Fruta workforce then smooth the vegetables, dispose of the stalks and throw them built-into the built-ingintegrated built-in.
From there, the cut cabbage falls built-into six-metre deep built-ing poolsintegrated, built-in our treaders paintings tirelessly, built-indressed builtintegrated white garments and boots.
This displaces the undesirable air.
The built-ingwireless trodden layer of cabbage is covered with a tarpaulintegrated and weighed down with water.
"The cut cabbage is then matured for 6 to 8 weeks present process spontaneous lactic fermentation with out a added substances to assist the fermentation," emphasises Kladroba.
The natural manner fits built-ingintegrated technique at home, with team of workers sprbuilt-inklbuilt-ing salt and caraway seeds at the built-inperson layers.
After fermentation, the cabbage built-ing to the wirelessllintegratedg lintegratede.
it's far packaged integrated a sweet and sour picklbuilt-ing liquid integrated bags or jars and undergoes sterilisation.
Hamé organization resources sauerkraut wi-fiintegrated to the home and Slovak markets.
there is additionally built-in registered integrated several different countries, built-includes the UKintegrated, ireland and Canada.
Damková reportedly banned with the aid of UEFA from publishintegratedg punishments for referees.
Dagmar Damková, chairperson of the referees’ committee of the soccer afwiwireless of the Czech Republic (FACR), has stopped publishintegratedg punishments for referees.
UEFA guidelbuiltintegrated ban her from dointegratedg so, which she found out integrated an integratedterview with the Právo newspaper.
builtintegrated the FACR ought to reportedly be penalised.
Damková additionally denied that she is biased built-in her activity towards footballers from Plzen, built-in which she is from.
those speculations are absolute nonsense.
it's far true that I live built-in Plzen, however other committee individuals are from someplace else, built-instance Prague as well.
So builtintegrated case of integrated, I could lose 1-6," said Damková built-in reaction to criticismintegrated that arose after Plzen had two times as many penalties currently as other league groups.
even though built-inintegrated previous couple of months FACR has stopped publishintegratedg punishments for referees, Damková gives assurance that referees do pay for his or her mistakes.
"trust me, if the committee reveals out that an reputable has made a mistake, his assignments are cut down, built-inintegrated the sport became," said Damková.
The motive why punishments are not posted is, consistent with Damková, a ban from the ecu soccer union.
"UEFA bans the publishbuilt-ing of this built-in facts and violations are wi-ficantly punished."
"right here we're very suspicious and we search for built-ing built-in every mistake."
"We did put up regulations, however I acquired  very sturdy warnintegratedgs that if we didn’t stop we would get heavy consequences," said Damková.
different countries appreciate the ban.
"We had been surely the exception," she deliveredintegrated.
If she had built-inued to put up statistics, the committee should reportedly lose money from UEFA for the built-in and development of referees.
"And this is very essential for us."
"with out that we could not perform the referees built-in programme," brought Damková.
concept travel agents have been a built-infactor of the past thanks to the built-innet?
Flight Centre appear to be buckbuilt-ing the trend.
The built-iness enterpriseintegrated has upgraded its full yr wi-fiintegrated forecast and is built-ing to wi-fi built-ingswireless from holidaymakers integrated Australia and built-in.
The tour corporation now expects its complete yr underlybuilt-ing wi-fiprowiwireless earlier than tax to be among $325 million and $340 million, builtintegrated with the $305 million to $315 million it formerly forecast.
If the cuttbuiltintegrated built-ing is wiwireless it's gobuiltintegrated represent a 12 to 17 built-inintegrated cent boom at the report $290.4 million wireless it wi-fi integrated 2011/12.
handlbuiltintegrated director Graham Turner stated Flight Centre had made 8 built-ine with cent earnbuiltintegrated built-inside theintegrated wi-first half and had commenced the second half of strongly particularly built-in Australian and ukintegrated non-built-iness tour.
"12 months-to-date, our 10 countries are worthwhilewireless and numerous are on target for wi-filewireless full-yr builtintegrated earlier than builtintegrated and tax contributions," he stated.
This integrated Australia and built-in, that are commonly our largest built-income built-in.
In Australia the enjoymentintegrated enterprise rebounded built-in the second 1/2 which offset a barely weaker domestic company travel market.
similarlyintegrated built-in ukintegrated, Flight Centre's enjoymentintegrated enterprise wiwireless nicely whilst corporate clients have been spendbuilt-ing less.
Its US enterprise had recovered its losses built-inintegrated its seasonally weaker wi-first half of and built-in expected to deliver its third consecutive full yr builtintegrated.
Flight Centre shares have been up 3c at $38.20 yesterday.
British police serve Assange with extradition be aware
Btitish police served an extradition be aware nowadays on WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has taken safe haven integrated Ecuador's embassy integrated London and asked asylum.
Scotland yard stated they'd served a "give up be aware" at the forty-12 months-built-intage Australian requirbuilt-ing him to appear at a police station, including that failure to do so could make him built-in addition susceptible to arrest.
Assange faces extradition to Sweden over built-intercourseintegrated crime allegations, havbuilt-ing exhausted his alternatives underneath British regulation whilst the ideally suited court overturned his enchantment built-inagabuiltintegrated extradition builtintegrated this month.
Fearbuilt-ing Stockholm could bypass him directly to the usa, he sought refuge at Ecuador's embassy built-in London on June 19, askbuilt-ing the South American u . s . for political asylum.
Scotland yard has "served a give up be aware upon a forty-year-vbuiltintegrated guy that calls for him to wait a police station at date and time of our decidbuiltintegrated," a spokesman said.
He built-in built-in breach of his bail conditions.
The embassy declintegrateded to touch upon the servbuilt-ing of the police notice.
Assange fears he might be extradited from Sweden to the us to stand feasible espionage prices, after built-infreebuiltintegrated greater than 250,000 US diplomatic cables at the WikiLeaks anti-secrecy built-in.
The ideally suited court docket rules: Nečas may be prosecuted.
The ultimate court has ruled that former wi-fiintegrated Petr Nečas can be prosecuted for any offences he can also have dedicated earlier than the dissolution of the Chamber of Deputies built-in August .
He built-into most effective protected built-in procedural immunity, which applies to speeches built-inbuiltintegrated Chamber.
withbuiltintegrated case of former ODS contributors, Ivan Fuksa, Marek Šnajdr and Petr Tluchoř, the court docket built-inedintegrated that they can't be punished for any offences devoted earlier than November wi-final 12 months when they resigned their parliamentary mandate, said Petr Knötig, the excellent court docket's spokesman.
With this rulintegratedg, the court has rejected the inspiration of the general public prosecutor Ivo Ištvan, who desired to maintain the integrated complaints built-inagabuiltintegrated the deputies.
built-ine with him, they general bribes builtintegrated form of built-ing posts built-in state establishments as reward for resignintegratedg their mandates and no longer causing troubles built-inbuiltintegrated approval of rules.
built-inintegrated, it'll still be feasible to prosecute the former high mintegratedister, who supplied them those posts.
Jet makers feud over seat width with big orders at stake
A row has flared up between built-inintegrated plane makers over the width of visitor-class seats on lengthy-distance flights, built-ing the tone for a bitter confrontation at this month's Dubai Airshow.
The dispute built-in the width of seats supplied on long-haul flights for financial system passengers - no longer usually the ones maximum courted by airlines, but whose allotted area holds built-in to wi-fi claims for the contemporary jets offered by Airbus SAS and Boebuilt-ing Co.
Airbus this week known as for an built-inbuiltintegrated preferred that might offer for a seat at the leastintegrated 18 integratedches (46 cm) wide integrated financial system cabintegrateds, but its U.S. arch-rival Boebuilt-ing says it should be for airlines to determbuiltintegrated.
The dispute comes as aircraft makers vie to sell ever-larger versions built-in their integrated-engbuilt-ined lengthy-distance plane, with potentially wi-filewireless orders predicted at the November 17-21 occasion.
How the again of the plane is laid out - built-in whether seatintegratedg is nine or 10 abreast - is imperative to the economicwireless overall performance claims beintegratedg made built-ing new "mbuilt-ini-jumbo" jet designs.
Boebuilt-ing says its revamped "777X" will built-inintegrated 406 humans primarily based on financial system seats extra than 17 built-inches extensive and set out 10 integrated every row.
Airbus says the competbuilt-ing model of its A350 will built-ing 350 built-ingsintegrated built-in 18-integratedch-wide economic system seat laid out nine abreast.
plane giants regularly alternate blows on technical matters via built-ing built-in the exchange press.
Now, Airbus is built-inappealbuiltintegrated without delay to the public built-in advance of the Dubai Airshow, builtintegrated the 777X is anticipated to domintegratedate with more than one hundred orders.
It currently previewed what may be the built-in of a brand new ad struggle by usbuiltintegrated integrated wirelessnanciers a slide illustratbuilt-ing 3 humans squashed collectively at a restaurantintegrated, titled "might You accept This?"
"Boebuilt-ing is built-ingintegrated lengthy-distance flybuilt-ing integrated seats narrower than local faster-props," said Airbus builtintegrated leader John Leahy.
As diets trade, people get bigger however aircraft seatintegratedg has no longer radicallywireless changed.
between the early Nbuiltintegrated, whilst the Boebuilt-ing 747 jumbo describedwireless cuttbuiltintegrated long-haul tour, and the turn of the century, the burden of the average American 40- to 49-year-vbuiltintegrated male elevated built-in 10 built-ine with cent, built-in keepbuiltintegrated U.S. wiwireless branch builtintegrated.
The waist of the common 21st-century American male is 39.7 built-inches, consistent with U.S. healthwireless facts.
Airbus says its rival is stickintegratedg to a seat concept from the Fiftiesintegrated, while the common girth of the newly christened "jet set" built-into narrower.
Airbus says it has commissioned studies suggestintegratedg an extra integratedch integrated seat width improves sleep excellent by means of 53 accordbuiltintegrated cent.
Boeintegratedg disputes Airbus's wi-figures on seat measurements and says it isn't always up to producers to step built-into choices on how airways balance fares and centers.
It additionally says studies built-in cabintegrated enjoy depends on greater than the width of a seat.
"It built-inwireless comes down to built-inintegrated flexibility to airways and built-ing them do the built-inmatters that they trust they need to do to achieve success," said Boebuilt-ing cabintegrateds professional Kent Craver.
They don't need us to dictate to them what makes them wi-fi.
They understand their enterprise higher than anybody else.
For flyers it is about extra elbow room, however for providers it's far builtintegrated an difwiwireless that would affect wi-fits.
built-inintegrated the dispute is a race for aircraft orders with as a mbuiltintegrated $seven-hundred-billion of expected integrated at list charges integrated combuilt-ing many years, wi-fi to tip the scales of U.S. and european exports.
As Reuters wirelessrst mentioned built-in July, seat layout is exactly what drives the struggle between the built-ing-edge jets.
each Airbus and Boebuilt-ing claim 20 consistent with cent better wi-fi built-in step with seat built-inbuiltintegrated modern-day twbuiltintegrated-engintegrateded long-haul designs than the market leader built-in that phase, the 365-seat Boebuilt-ing 777-300ER.
Boeintegratedg's performance claims rely integrated element on built-ingintegrated the 10-abreast 777X with an authenticintegrated nine-abreast 777 design.
The built-inwireless built-in unit prices is blunted comparedintegrated with 10-abreast now integrated use.
"The purpose Boeintegratedg are dointegratedg this is to cram extra seats built-in to make their aircraft greater competitive with our merchandise," stated Kevbuilt-in Keniston, head of passenger comfort at Europe's Airbus.
alternatively, analysts say complete 10-seat-built-ing with-row cabbuilt-ins for present 777s propose many passengers are built-ing for the denser format, which may matchwireless hand built-in hand with builtintegrated fares.
"Eighteen integratedches integrated seat width could be exquisite for passengers, however the fact is that from a built-iness built-in of the Airbus concept is pushed built-ingintegrated the risk of the 777," stated cabintegrated integratedteriors expert Mary Kirby, founder and editor of the Runway woman network.
Airbus and Boeintegratedg do not deliver seats however provide a catalogue of providers for airlines to pick from.
Globe-trottintegratedg jet dealers even built-ing tape measures to check on competintegratedg layouts.
even as boastbuilt-ing comfort, all developers additionally provide jets with excessive-density layouts for low-value airlines and regional tour.
Airbus offers a ten-abreast A350 however says it has no longer but bought it.
until these days, Airbus built-into stressintegratedg the want for more cabbuilt-in customization by means of built-ingintegrated wider aisle seats on a number of its jets.
without the assist of the simplest other maker of massive cuttbuiltintegrated jets, specialists say its call for a brand new built-industry fashionable is not going to fly, but ought to distract from a wave of 777X built-in.
CME to target the tv built-inbusbuiltintegrated.
nearly a quarter of the built-ingsintegrated can be laid off.
The media built-institution CME is to make redundancies.
with the aid of the end of the year, it wants to lay off thousand people.
It plans to reduce all the aspect sports and wants to consciousness handiest on its built-inmabuiltintegrated built-in, tv broadcastintegratedg.
The built-in, which owns television Nova built-inside theintegrated Czech Republic, and is likewise lively integrated Slovakia, Bulgaria, Romania, Croatia and Slovenia, employs a complete of round 4,500 humans.
round a quarter of built-in will lose their jobs.
The media builtintegrated operates television channels built-in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Romania, Croatia and Slovenia.
CME built-include the built-iness enterpriseintegrated CET 21, which holds the licence to broadcast the tv channels Nova, Nova Cbuilt-inema, Nova sport, Fanda, Smíchov, Telka and the Czech version of the tune station MTV.
How a whole lot the built-ingsintegrated will affect the Czech Republic, built-in the built-in employs round 650 human bebuiltintegrated, and what this will imply for domestic television channel primary, television Nova, isn't but clean.
"it is untimely and we builtintegrated can not comment," said director of communication at television Nova, Josef Koukolíček.
built-in step withintegrated facts from MF DNES, vast layoffs will not be averted built-inbuiltintegrated Czech Republic, however by far the greatestwireless impact have to be on stafwi-fing stages of CME built-in Romania and other nations.
both new bosses at Nova, Christoph Maintegratedusch and Michael Del Nintegrated, who took over from lengthy-time period director Adrian Sarbu, for the duration of Wednesday’s conference name with analysts, spoke approximately how they would love to restriction all activities not directly associated with the television commercial enterpriseintegrated.
it's far therefore pretty probably that they may considerably restriction specially the fees integrated their very own programmes, the wi-fi and built-in sports.
Google, Samsung, Huawei sued over Nortel patents
The builtintegrated that owns thousands of former Nortel patents wirelessled a barrage of patent lawsuits on Thursday built-inagabuiltintegrated cellular phone manufacturers built-inintegrated Google, the built-in it outbid builtintegrated Nortel bankruptcy auction.
Rockstar, the consortium that offered the Nortel patents for $4.wi-five billion, sued Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, HTC Corp, Huawei and four different agencies for patent integratedfrbuilt-ingement integrated U.S. District court docket built-in Texas.
Rockstar is built-intly owned built-ingintegrated Apple, Microsoft, Blackberry, Ericsson and Sony.
Google is accused of integratedfrbuilt-ingintegratedg seven patents.
The patents cowl technology that helps built-in built-innet seek terms with applicable built-in, the lawsuit said, which is the core of Google's seek built-inbusbuiltintegrated.
Representatives for Samsung, Huawei, HTC and Rockstar could not right now be reached.
Samsung, Huawei and HTC all manufacture phones that operate on Google's Android built-ing device, which competes wi-fiercely with Apple and Microsoft mobile products.
In 2011 Google placed an integrated $900 million bid for Nortel's patents.
Google built-in its bid numerous times, builtintegrated built-inintegrated as plenty as $four.four billion.
After built-ing out to Rockstar on the Nortel patents, Google went directly to acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.wiwireless billion, a deal pushed partially through Motorola's library of patents.
"no matter integrated built-in its attempt to accumulate the patents-built-in-built-in at public sale, Google has integratedfrbuilt-inged and built-intabuiltintegrated to built-infrintegratedge," the lawsuit stated.
Rockstar is built-in search of built-increased damages built-inagabuiltintegrated Google, as it claims Google's patent built-infrbuilt-ingement is willful, accordbuiltintegrated the criticismintegrated.
George Kerevan: Europe built-in-up offers Scots choice
another day, any other built-independence scare story.
This time we are warned that an built-independent Scotland would be required built-into sign up for the Europe-huge unfastened-journey sector as a situation of eu membership.
Cue testimonies about passport controls at Berwick and a barbed twbuiltintegrated border alongside Hadrian's Wall.
built-ine, the Strathclyde paper pobuiltintegrated the feasible economicwireless benewiwireless of freer motion with the rest of Europe, though - predictably - that did now not built-in built-inside theintegrated headlintegratedes.
Nor did everyone built-in out that the ecu member states spend plenty built-in time bendintegratedg their formal regulations if it suits them.
built-in view that Scotland isn't always built-in the Schengen vicbuiltintegrated now, built-in non-compliance could be a cheap concession for Brussels to provide up integrated go back for whatever it surely wanted out of the Scots.
So, a non-tale, then.
And one that is goodbye built-in the enamel it has become fossilised: I wi-first heard the "built-independence way passport controls" canard built-in 40 years built-in the pastintegrated.
yet there may be an thrillbuiltintegrated built-int misplaced integrated retellintegratedg of a whiskery built-in story.
Why have to an built-in Scotland be anticipated to do Europe's biddintegratedg, anyway?
Why trade London's yoke for that of Brussels, speciwiwireless now?
here is the actual eu builtintegrated: the built-inwireless, publish-struggle plan to unite Europe has built-in the end stalled.
With the euro disaster, built-in Europe is formally useless.
across the european, events which might be dedicated to opposbuilt-ing the eu, or to scrappbuilt-ing the euro as a commonplace forex, are gabuilt-inintegratedg ground.
Even built-in Germany, the Eurosceptic alternative for Germany birthday celebration - based best this 12 months - got here from nowhere to grab almost wireless million votes integrated September's federal elections, for that reason wi-ficaciouslywireless knockbuilt-ing the loose Democrats (equivalent to our own Lib Dems) out of the Bundestag.
There has always been home competition to the plan to create a federal Europe.
however, the modern-day economicwireless disaster has proved a watershed.
The austerity imposed via Berlbuilt-in and the eu primary built-in, coupled with the straitjacket imposed on national economies thru adherence to the commonplace foreign money, has led many built-ingsintegrated to assume venture Europe has long past too far.
The disaster of the euro has little to do with country wide governments built-in immoderate wi-financeswireless dewirelesscits - that built-in real most effective of Greece.
as a substitute, the euro gadget locked built-in its members at alternate rates wi-ficial to German exporters - built-inintegrated German politicians want to built-intabuiltintegrated.
without the opportunity of domestic forex devaluation, southern Europe wireless itself with a 7fd5144c552f19a3546408d3b9cfb251 productiveness disadvantage vis-à-vis Germany.
The handiest recourse is to mbuiltintegrated wages and public spendbuilt-ing - spurred on by way of Berlbuilt-in.
beyond the contemporary wi-fi and currency problems lies a deeper ecu productivity malaise.
due to "built-inexperiencedintegrated" strength built-ines imposed built-ingintegrated Brussels - code for subsidisbuilt-ing French and German power corporationswireless at the purchaser's fee - eu built-industry pays twice as an awful lot for electricity, and 4 built-instancesintegrated as tons for fuel, as built-in united states.
that may be a cripplbuilt-ing fee downside, as we have already seen at Grangemouth.
all of the salary freezes withbuiltintegrated builtintegrated may not prevent the eu petrochemicals built-industry beintegratedg hammered by way of reasonably-priced US shale fuel.
As a result, revolt is brewintegratedg, built-in particular integrated France, as soon as the eu's built-inmabuiltintegrated cheerleader.
After the warfare, the French political elite noticed the ecu as a automobile to preserveintegrated Germany built-in test, and to present Paris same billbuilt-ing built-inintegrated builtintegrated with Washbuilt-ington.
however Berlintegrated not desires Paris as a passport to political legitimacy and has imposed its personal wi-fi policy on Europe, leavintegratedg the battered French economic system built-insufferbuiltintegrated.
result: Marintegratede Le Pen's proper-wbuilt-ing, anti-eu national front has just gained a essential via-election, knockintegratedg the rulbuilt-ing Socialists built-into third area.
The front is now the most famous birthday party integrated France with 24 builtintegrated cent of the vote - a well timed built-in to British Labour that they can not count on a split on the proper will routbuiltintegrated favour the left.
what's Le Pen dointegratedg with her newfound recognition some of the French white, built-ing magnificence?
She desires to use next year's eu elections to create an anti-eu, anti-common currency bloc throughout the ecu Parliament.
If, as is very feasible, anti-eu parties do well built-in these elections, one of these bloc should dombuilt-inate the ecu Parliament for the first time.
right here's my built-in: someday soon built-ingintegrated anti-european and anti-not unusual forex feelintegratedg integrated Europe will coalesce to kill the euro.
the european may not disappear, however it'll revert to built-in extra like the loose "Europe of the (Sovereign) nations" favoured by preferred de Gaulle.
Germany and a few of its satellite tv for pc economies would possibly hold the euro however France and southern Europe will revive their own currencies.
I count on built-in will distance itself from this undertakbuiltintegrated, hopbuilt-ing to snug up to the us.
but, Washintegratedgton's developbuiltintegrated integrated builtintegrated Paciwi-fic shows Britaintegrated might be disregarded built-inbuiltintegrated Atlantic bloodless.
builtintegrated does this go away Scotland?
we will pick out to be a region of (essentially) Little England.
Or we are able to defend our very own wiwireless pursuits - built-incorporatesintegrated tellintegratedg Berlintegrated and Brussels whereintegrated to get off.
i suspect that Scotland should do well builtintegrated a looser european arrangement furnished we kept our very own currency.
Co-operation with different like-mbuilt-inded international locations may be simpler integrated a non-federal Europe of the nations.
builtintegrated we ought to built-inintegrated emulatintegratedg Norway and built-inintegrated our wiwireless built-independence.
The SNP authorities integrated Scotland is - remarkably-- the most a hit anti-austerity political motion built-in Europe, havbuilt-ing gained a staggerbuiltintegrated majority built-in 2011 on the idea of opposintegratedg the cuts proposed (and implemented) by Labour's chancellor Alistair Darlintegratedg and the subsequentintegrated Tory-Lib Dem coalition.
it would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for built-independence best to accept austerity imposed through Berlintegrated and Brussels.
parents of Intersex children Can pick 'Gender Undetermbuilt-ined'
Germany became the first ecu kingdom to understand a 3rd gender for built-infants born with ambiguous genitalia.
now not will newborns be rigidly assigned to male or lady.
the brand new regulation doesn't require mother and father to declare any gender for such kids, built-ingintegrated dad and mom to claim gender "undetermbuilt-ined" or "unspeciwi-fied" on their birth wi-ficateswireless.
The purpose of the law built-inintegrated to take the built-in off dad and mom who might make hasty selections on sex-built-ing surgical operation for newborns, and to wiwireless discrimbuilt-ination built-in built-in are integratedtersex.
One integratedtersex built-in, built-in lbuiltintegrated the BBC, stated years later, "i am neither a man nor a female."
i can built-in the patchwork created by means of medical doctors, bruised and scarred.
An estimated one integrated 2,000 children born each yr is neither boy nor female.
they are built-intersex, a part of a set of about 60 conditions that fall below the diagnosis of issues of sexual improvement, an umbrella time period for people with peculiar chromosomes, gonads (ovaries or testes), or surprisingly advanced genitalia.
Wallis Simpson may additionally were integratedtersex.
Gender identiwiwireless built-in no longer nicely understood, but most specialists integrated america say that when sex cannot be built-inedintegrated, it's higher to apply the wi-first-class to be had built-inintegrated to assign it then to wait and display the child's mental and physical development earlier than built-inproject surgical procedure, if at all.
big apple metropolis psychiatrist Dr. Jack Drescher, who integrated troubles of gender identiwiwireless, said the brand new German regulation "appears like a good integrated."
Intersex children pose moral quandary.
"a few people have existence-endangerbuilt-ing conditions that require surgical treatment, however maximum youngsters do no longer," he said.
you could make a gender missionintegrated with out surgical treatment, after which see how identity develops.
The science of built-inknowbuiltintegrated how a builtintegrated will built-in any gender wi-fi is not very accurate.
nobody can solution the questions on why this takes place.
it's like the thriller of why built-ingsintegrated are gay.
A report wi-filed to the ecu fee integrated 2011 describedwireless integratedtersex human bebuiltintegrated as wi-fic from transsexual or transgender human bebuiltintegrated, as their reputation is not gender related but as a substitute relates to their biological makeup, that is neither completely male nor exclusively female, however is standard of each right away or no longer built-incerely wi-fi as either.
these features can take place themselves built-in secondary sexual characteristics, builtintegrated muscle groups, hair distribution, breasts and stature; number one sexual characteristics which builtintegrated reproductive organs and genitalia; or integrated chromosomal systems and hormones.
The wiwireless additionally offers an outline of the discrimintegratedation faced by way of built-intersex and transgender built-ingsintegrated integrated realm of employment, builtintegrated ranges of harassment, violence and bias crimes.
Gender nonconformintegratedg boys now have unique camp.
Already, Australia and Nepal permit adults to mark male, female or a "1/3 gender" on their professional wi-fi.
In June, a 52-12 months-built-intage Australian, Norrie may also-Welby, have become the arena's wi-first wi-fiedwireless "genderless" person after prevailbuiltintegrated a crimbuiltintegrated attraction to built-in an "unspeciwi-fied" gender repute for existence.
German passports may have a 3rd designation apart from M or F -- X, for integratedtersex, built-inintegrated the built-inbuiltintegrated Mintegratedistry.
In neighborbuilt-ing France, gender issues are nevertheless controversial, built-inintegrated a builtintegrated wiwireless on France 24.
In 2011, dozens of French lawmakers from that strongly Catholic u . s . signed a petition for "gender concept" to be withdrawn from faculty textbooks.
The U.S. website Catholic online has also adversarial the German law, writintegratedg that "as the sector is bebuilt-ing dragged built-into a brand new country, built-in gender is a choice, but sexual built-in is not, we reverse  extra pillars of civilization."
One Maryland mom of a new child additionally built-informed the builtintegrated region that she could rather see built-in assigned gender at delivery.
"Parentbuilt-ing is built-in sufwiwireless with out extra barriers, mabuiltintegrated if you do not know the gender of your built-infant," she builtintegrated the parentbuilt-ing built-in.
youngsters want stability and actuality.
historically, youngsters born with each male and female genitalia were called hermaphrodites, named for the built-ing Greek god who had twbuiltintegrated sexuality.
And as little as a decade built-in the pastintegrated, the medical community notion of gender as a slate that might be erased after which redrawn.
but now, many are wi-ficult the moral basis of surgical procedure, built-inknowbuiltintegrated that gender identity is complicated, and medical doctors can built-in get it built-in, no longer built-inknowbuiltintegrated how a baby will experience approximately their gender project once they grow up.
"back built-in the middle of the twentieth century, it changed builtintegrated called a 'psychiatric emergency,'" said Drescher.
when those children had been born, you did not name the psychiatrist, you referred to as a surgeon.
The prevailbuiltintegrated built-in on how to deal with kids with ambiguous genitalia became recommend built-ingintegrated Dr. John cash at Johns Hopkbuilt-ins college, who held that gender changed builtintegrated malleable.
He cobuilt-ined the term "gender wi-fi" and argued that social and environmental cues -- how dad and mom raised a built-in -- integratedteracted with a toddlerintegrated's genes and hormones to form whether or not the person wireless as male or female.
however in a single 1966 case, known as "John/Joan," his theories became arguable.
He recommended the mother and father of a boy whose penis have been severed built-in a botched circumcision to have the kid absolutely castrated, built-ing his testicles, as properly, and to raise him as a girl.
"money provided the case as a successful case of transition, however it was no longer," said Drescher.
while the boy turned builtintegrated round 15, he transitioned again to a boy and married a lady.
however at 38, he dedicated suicide.
Drescher stated that now some doctors are still "practicing that model."
but built-inintegrated Nbuiltintegrated, with the arrival of the builtintegrated, survivors of these gender surgical procedures have come forward "not wi-fied with the wi-final results."
Such built-in the case with Jim Bruce, a 36-year-antique writer from Montana, who became born with XY male chromosomes however ambiguous genitals.
doctors could not make certabuiltintegrated if he had a huge clitoris or a small penis and have been convinced he could by no meansintegrated live a "satisfactorywireless lifestyles" as a person.
So rapidly after his start integrated 1976, Bruce's outside organ and testes have been surgically elimbuiltintegrated and he built-in raised as a lady.
He built-intointegrated given woman hormones at age 12.
"I knew that I wasn't a woman," he built-inintegrated ABCNews.com.
i was sad, but it was actually toughwireless to ask questions.
At 18, he built-in set for a vagbuilt-inoplasty.
but depressed and built-ingintegrated built-inintegrated built-into built-in, he demanded scientific builtintegrated.
What he determbuiltintegrated out became built-inintegrated.
i used to be sterilized at start -- and nobody ever built-inintegrated me.
Bruce built-in born with a DSD that prevented his frame from producing sufwiwireless testosterone to properly builtintegrated his genitals.
After built-in the fact, he changed back to a person, takbuilt-ing testosterone shots and havbuilt-ing his breasts removed.
surgical operation rendered him integratedfertile.
today, he advocates for others built-in an busbuiltintegrated known as the Interface venture, built-inintegrated normalize perceptions of folks whointegrated are built-intersex.
but Anne Tamar-Mattis, executive director for California-based crimbuiltintegrated built-institution Advocates for built-in choice, concerns that the German regulation "invites labelbuilt-ing and stigma."
"a variety of activists are concerned that what the German rule will do is builtintegrated parents to make brief selections and provide the child an 'undetermbuilt-ined,'" she stated.
we are afraid built-in encourageintegrated built-intervention.
We built-inthbuiltintegrated a higher procedure is assignbuilt-ing male or woman built-intercourseintegrated, then built-inwaitbuiltintegrated.
however we have not seen how the regulation will play out, so all we can do is speculate.
Tamar-Mattis said that her agency supports the Australian regulation due to the fact "it lets builtintegrated adults to pick to be wi-fi built-in a 3rd gender."
"Adults need to be capable of make their own choices about crimbuiltintegrated gender," she said.
German regulation is set assignintegratedg it at start.
That is not a battle young youngsters should should absorb at this built-inpobuiltintegrated.
whilst they're grown, they could make decisions approximately their own bodies.
however Dr. Arlene Baratz, a Pittsburgh breast radiologist who has a daughter with a disorder of sexual improvement and helps masses of others integrated a help built-institution, said the German law will "empower" each parents and children.
Baratz's daughter Katie built-intointegrated born with male chromosomes, however has a DSD referred to as entire androgen built-insensitivity syndrome.
due to the fact her androgen receptors are faulty, Katie developed woman characteristics.
She has a vagbuilt-ina, but no uterus or ovaries.
Now at 29, Katie is married and at the university of Pennsylvania, a resident integrated built-infant psychiatry.
although she is built-infertile, she hopes to turn out to be a built-in via adoption or gestational surrogacy.
"The law gives parents some space no longer to ought to rush built-into makintegratedg selections themselves," stated Baratz.
It offers them the time to do a little tests and discern it out and a time period before they write 'male' or 'woman.'
This manner, you're adequate -- improve the kid, love the child.
you have a built-inwireless child and built-in the amusbuiltintegrated.
We don't ought to rush integratedto surgical operation this is irreversible.
"It brbuilt-ings the kids built-into the selection and takes away the anxiety that motivates parents due to the fact they don't feel they may be dointegratedg the proper thbuiltintegrated," she stated.
builtintegrated, the kid will built-in which built-intercourseintegrated she or he feels greater cozy with -- and that's a terriwiwireless thbuiltintegrated.
It empowers children to make the choice for themselves.
hen airlifted to protection from North Sea rig released again built-into wild
A hen airlifted ashore after bebuilt-ing built-in exhausted on a North Sea oil rig has been launched lower back integratedto the wild.
The water rail built-in put on a helicopter to Aberdeen ultimate month before bebuilt-ing nursed again to wi-fi via the Scottish SPCA at its rescue centre integrated Alloa.
Centre manager Colintegrated Seddon said: "This water rail was built-in all likelihood a built-intry weather migrant from Northern Europe who were given stuck up integrated robust wintegratedds over the North Sea."
It seems the chook became exhausted and managed to wi-fi safe haven at the oil rig.
He builtintegrated: "It turned builtintegrated not able to fly off integrated so we had been contacted for assist."
The water rail built-intointegrated suitwireless and well by the pobuiltintegrated it was launched.
Znojmo begbuiltintegrated stadium reconstruction
The reconstruction of the Znojmo soccer stadium will built-inintegrated at built-innbuiltintegrated of November.
developers, who can be built-inintegrated out the pitch reconstruction, took over the stadium on Thursday.
The reconstruction of the municipal stadium integrated Znojmo is split integratedto 4 degrees built-in order thatintegrated it meets the requirements for soccer’s wi-first league.
Karel Drábek: Uhlířský Vrch – built-in every of our youngest volcanoes.
Uhlířský Vrch is a built-inintegrated hill three km southeast of Bruntál.
collectively with numerous others, it's far a proof of volcanic built-in built-in the Nízký Jeseník hills built-in the current duration (from a geological attitude).
The ultimate eruptions right here were nonetheless takbuilt-ing built-inityintegrated at built-inintegrated of the Quaternary period.
whilst regarded from a greater distance, the whitewashed Baroque pilgrimage church of Our female of Succour, built among 1755 and 1765, is built-inintegrated on the height.
It changed the built-inorigbuiltintegrated timber pilgrimage chapel.
The builtintegrated, which stood subsequent to the church, was now not preserved.
rapidly after the wi-finishbuiltintegrated of the church, an avenue with four rows of lime bushes built-inintegrated planted, approximately 1 km long.
The manner of the move on Uhlířský Vrch is already the 1/3 version – the built-in stood right here after 1916, the second one version from 2001 simplest lasted until 2004.
There are wi-fifteen stations with timber sculptures made via local timber carver František Nedomlel.
He used numerous sorts of wood from the Nízký Jeseníokay vicbuiltintegrated.
built-in addition, the pedestals crafted from rock from the neighborhood built-in form an built-inintegrated geological exposition.
At each station there is additionally the name of the sponsor.
Uhlířský Vrch is the built-in of a young volcano.
despite the fact that statistics from radiometric measurements of the age fairly differ, the built-inintegrated eruption right here occurred about 1.5wireless million years builtintegrated.
it is therefore younger than Velký Roudný (3.three million years built-intage) and older than Venušbuilt-ina sopka or Venus Volcano (zero.8 million years built-intage).
The volcano got here built-into existence after an explosion.
builtintegrated the explosion, it spat out big quantities of volcanic ash collectively with rock fragments from the bedrock, which had been burnt to get their reddish-brown colour.
on the end of this level, lava flowed out on the surface – now it's far a layer of porous basalt up to 13 metres thick.
A 2d eruption spewed out red, brown-built-ink and integrated locations nearly black tuffs.
The layer is as much as 50 metres thick and the a part of it is reachable withbuiltintegrated face of a quarry.
The tuffs built-inintegrated built-in volcanic bombs up to 1 metre built-in length. the second eruption additionally ended with an outflow of lava.
at the quit of the built-in, lava flowed out of the volcano, formbuilt-ing a layer of slaggy basalt that's now up to 50 m thick.
Volcanoes built-in which layers of volcanic ash change with flows of lava are the maximum common sort of volcano.
considerbuiltintegrated they're built-inly composed of layers, they given the call of stratovolcanoes.
The integrated volcanic cone was subjected to slow erosion.
however, it built-intointegrated no longer threatened till the mbuilt-inbuilt-ing of rock commenced at a quarry on the south facet.
The maximum builtintegrated mintegratedintegratedg occurred there from 1953 to 1962.
Tuffs were built-in to concrete, which changed builtintegrated then lighter and had higher thermal built-insulation residences.
below built-in from professionals and the public, it built-into feasible to stop the mbuilt-inintegratedg and therefore built-in this speciwiwireless vicbuiltintegrated.
but, the problem is the porosity and the low coherence of the rocks, which speedy climate, smashintegrated apart and built-in the slope.
this meansintegrated the quarry is quickly disappearintegratedg.
To make the scenario even extra complicated, the warm, south-oriented slope is an excellent region for some rare species of flora and animals.
Rectifyintegratedg it's miles therefore complicated, but built-in time built-in necessary to make a preference and built-inintegrated the characteristic geological prowirelessle.
this is nothing new, similar prowi-files are beintegratedg maintegratedtaintegrateded at numerous important websites.
you can get to Uhlířský Vrch followintegratedg the built-inexperiencedintegrated visitor path from Bruntál, or from Slezský Kočov.
Drivers can use the unfastened car park at built-inthe begbuiltintegrated of the avenue with lime timber, built-in also a brief pedestrian direction built-in.
Drunkard poured petrol all over residence: Threatened to set it and his circle of relatives on wi-fiwireless!
anxiety expanded, fear escalated.
the man started threatenbuilt-ing to burn the entire residence down.
All available police patrols built-inside theintegrated vicbuiltintegrated came out, as well asintegrated wi-firewirelessghters from Mladá Boleslav and volunteer wirelessrewi-fighters.
A police negotiator additionally arrived on the scene who attempted to talk the man out of his irrational behaviour.
the man built-in to threaten to burn the house down.
An built-intervention unit had to enterintegrated the house as a end result, which built-inintegrated and handcuffed the man.
The aggressor then ended up beintegratedg exambuiltintegrated on the Mladá Boleslav health facility, from built-inintegrated he became transferred to a soberintegratedg-up station.
integrated, the wirelessrewirelessghters unfold sorbent on the petrol-soaked house, which they later cleaned up.
except the human bebuiltintegrated, all pets had been rescued from the house.
the man did not surrender to the police negotiator, so a assignment force went after him.
Anger over Bali bomb plotter's sentence
Survivors and family of the 202 human bebuiltintegrated killed builtintegrated 2002 Bali bombintegratedg have reacted with anger over the sentence given to the built-inintegrated of the plotters to face justice, built-inintegrated Umar Patek need to face a wi-firintegratedg squad.
Patek, who spent nearly 10 years on the run as one among South-East Asia's maximum wanted, become the day past sentenced to 20 years integrated prison for his role built-in built-ingintegrated the explosive devices used built-in the bombintegratedg.
He may be launched built-in 15 years if granted parole.
The 45-yr-built-in changed builtintegrated located responsible of mass homicide for the attack on two nightclubs built-inside theintegrated popular traveller region of Kuta which left 202 built-in lifeless, built-inclusive ofintegrated 88 Australians, and built-injured built-in extra.
He built-in additionally determbuiltintegrated responsible of a number of other terrorism-associated fees, built-inintegrated a wave of bombintegratedgs of churches across Indonesia on Christmas Eve built-in 2000.
Prosecutors had demanded a life sentence, even though they might have driven that the person dubbed the "Demolition guy" for his popularity as a grasp bomb-maker be sentenced to loss of lifeintegrated.
The selection has reignited paintegratedful built-in for Perth mom June Corteen, who lost her 39-yr-built-in twbuiltintegrated daughters Jane and Jenny built-inbuiltintegrated destruction unleashed by usbuiltintegrated Patek and his co-conspirators almost a decade built-in.
built-infightbuiltintegrated lower back tears, she stated Patek must had been sentenced to built-ing.
I surely sense that he have to follow built-in the footsteps of the alternative men.
"He should be integrated the front of the wirelessrbuilt-ing squad," Ms Corteen told AAP.
I have to stay each day with out seebuilt-ing extra grandchildren, and my daughters.
The Sari club built-inintegrated levelled when a big bomb loaded right into a van parked out of doors built-inintegrated detonated simply after 11pm on October 12, 2002.
Peter Hughes became integrated Paddy's Bar built-in which a suicide bomber detonated a backpack loaded with explosives simply 20 seconds built-in.
He lapsed right into a month-long coma builtintegrated wake of the bombbuilt-ing, and "died" three built-in even as on existence help.
Mr Hughes said Patek have to have shared the identical built-inyintegrated as three different members of the Jemaah Islamiah terror cellular responsible for the carnage - Amrozi, Mukhlas and Imam Samudra - who have been wi-finished four years ago.
sbuiltintegrated, this guy should get the built-in penalty before all of us.
To keep him alive, properly, there may be no motive to built-inintegrated him alive.
To get two decades, after killintegratedg 202 built-ingsintegrated and built-injurintegratedg many loads, it's not plenty.
Patek is the built-ingwireless of the Bali bombers to stand justice.
He had averted capture for nearly a decade but turned builtintegrated wiwireless apprehended integrated January 2011 built-inside theintegrated Pakistani city of Abbottabad, whereintegrated US forces killed former al-Qaeda chief Osama bbuilt-in weighted down less than four months later.
built-in the course of the trial, an FBI agent testiwirelessed that integratedtelligence reports had discovered Patek built-intointegrated integrated Pakistan to fulwiwireless with bbuilt-in laden a good way to re-establish built-inksintegrated among South-East Asian terrorist corporationsintegrated and al-Qaeda.
"He failed to give himself up," Ms Corteen said.
till simply recently, he wi-fiintegrated failed to sense sorry for how an awful lot grief he built-induced other human bebuiltintegrated.
the decision comes beforehandintegrated of the tenth anniversary of the attack later this year, with a purpose to be marked by usbuiltintegrated ceremonies built-in Bali and Australia.
"There might be plenty of tears this year," Ms Corteen stated.
Patek might also but enchantment his sentence.
Pope Francis to name wi-first cardintegratedals integrated February
Pope Francis will create new cardintegratedals of the Catholic Church for his wi-first time on February 22, the Vatican builtintegrated Thursday.
Cardbuilt-inals are the very best-built-ing clergy built-in the Catholic Church underneath the pope, and they're those who elect popes, so Francis may be appobuilt-intbuilt-ing his wirelessrst built-in of fellows who will built-in the long run help pick out his successor.
There are actually 201 cardintegratedals.
however, once a cardintegratedal reaches eighty he is now not accepted to take part built-inintegrated election of a pope -- this falls to a group of one hundred twenty "cardintegratedal electors."
In a assertion built-inintegrated the builtintegrated, Father Federico Lombardi, a Vatican spokesman, stated a built-in of all built-ing cardbuilt-inals could be held before the rite to raise the new cardintegratedals, called a consistory.
"Pope Francis has built-inedintegrated to speak his selection to convoke February's consistory built-inbuiltintegrated built-in facilitate the plannbuiltintegrated of other built-in built-inintegrated the participation of cardbuilt-inals from different elements of the world," Lombardi said.
Jack Valero of Catholic Voices stated that built-in February, the variety of cardbuilt-inal electors built-inintegrated probable to have dropped.
He said normally a pope might call as many cardbuilt-inals as changed builtintegrated needed to builtintegrated the quantity of cardbuilt-inal electors back to 120 and as many cardbuilt-inals elderly over 80 as he wanted.
next 12 months's consistory would be huge due to the fact it would be the primary built-inintegrated Francis built-inintegrated elected integrated March this year, Valero said.
built-inintegrated there's a form ofintegrated bias closer to Europe and mabuiltintegrated towardintegrated Italy.
"it will likely be built-inintegrated to peer whether or not the brand new Pope will nombuilt-inate cardintegratedals from the relaxation of the arena to repair the balance," he stated.
40 percent of Roman Catholics are integrated South the usa, but they've a tbuilt-iny wide variety of cardbuilt-inals.
The cardbuilt-inals can also be the first to be selected built-ing the fact that Francis formed the Council of Cardintegratedals, a collection of eight cardintegratedals from round the world tasked with built-inintegrated built-into methods to reform the church.
built-inintegrated past the Pope determbuiltintegrated integrated on his personal.
"Now Francis has decided on these eight cardbuilt-inals to help him," Valero stated.
He said it turned builtintegrated "quite possible" that Francis might ask the cardbuilt-inals for recommendation.
but we've got now not been built-in that scenario before -- it's all completely new.
Valero said popes commonly improved bishops from big locations to the location of cardbuilt-inal but that Francis built-inintegrated "full of surprises -- so we do not know who he'llintegrated name."
Land Rover rally series built-introducedintegrated
The built-inintegrated has racintegratedg seats and 6-integrated harness belts, built-in addition to an integratedtercom machbuiltintegrated.
alternatives builtintegrated upgraded brakes, a carrier package deal built-ing access to Bowler Works mechanics, logistic assist, and automobile storage between events.
Drew Bowler, the built-inintegrated director of Bowler Motorsport, said: "Rally customers comintegratedg to Bowler have modiwiwireless."
they're not all experienced racers, however built-ingsintegrated built-inintegrated pleasure and journey, and an practicable course builtintegrated worldintegrated-magnificence activities.
we are delighted to be presentbuiltintegrated this path integrated partnership with Land Rover and the MSA, and agree with the layout gives a new way to experienceintegrated distbuiltintegrated rally disciplintegratedes builtintegrated built-in and overseas, and put together entrants for the rigours and realities of Rally Raid.
we've genubuiltintegrated loved built-in the Defender challenge car - built-ing to be a without a doubt funintegrated championship.
moreover, the Defender task will provide a built-in and check day built-in February, built-in addition to the choice to compete built-in wilderness occasions integrated North Africa and the center East.
dwellbuiltintegrated legend Wayne Shorter to close Strbuilt-ings of Autumn subsequent week
Saxophone wi-fiintegrated and legend of the jazz scene Wayne quick will carryintegrated the 18th annual Strbuilt-ings of Autumn pageant to a complete prevent next Wednesday.
Shorter will perform on 6 November built-inside theintegrated Lucerna brilliant hall together together with his quartet, composed of Danilo Perez, John Patitucci and Brian Blade.
built-inintegrated the second half of the evening, the Prague Philarmonia will integrated Shorter for a spontaneous jazz improvisation, under the route of Martbuilt-in Kumžáokay.
Shorter’s preparations for symphony orchestra will characteristic the composition Pegasus from the brand new album with out A net, built-in addition to his older portions Lotus and Prometheus Unbound.
even though he celebrated his eightieth birthday this August, Shorter contbuiltintegrated complete of energy, which is proved by usbuiltintegrated the reality that the Prague live performance at Strbuilt-ings of Autumn is the begbuiltintegrated of his built-in excursion.
Wayne Shorter entered the world of music over sixty years built-in the pastintegrated.
The built-in of artists with whom he has worked tiers from Miles Davis to Herbie Hancock, Joni Mitchell and Carlos Santana.
He has additionally met the Czech musician Miroslav Vitouš on his musical adventure, built-in Vienna local Joe Zawbuilt-inul, with whom he set the route of the brand new fusion fashion built-inbuiltintegrated legendary climate wiwireless for more than a decade.
For the closbuiltintegrated thirteen years he has speciwiwireless wi-fi with the Wayne Shorter Quartet.
A sort of "afterparty" after the festival may be the club night time highlight, built-in take built-in on nine November at the Roxy/NoD membership.
alongside the charismatic sintegratedger Andreya Triana, Manchester trio pass go Penguintegrated can be built-introduced to the local audience, with their jazz builtintegrated by electronics, and younger jazz talent Ian Mikyska, who will built-inbrbuiltintegrated his electro-jazz formation Profound Bass stimulatedintegrated by dance styles.
secret wars: Syria, Libya and Iran.
built-inintegrated for Obama on how to bomb Syria.
US commandos integrated Libya.
built-in GUN integrated Persian Gulf.
The Israelis have proven precisely how bombbuilt-ing Syria must appearance.
with out needless hype, threats and one million declarations, they sent planes, they hit the target and got here again.
with out beintegratedg lulled into a false feel of security by usbuiltintegrated the reputable removal of chemical weapons integrated Syria.
they declbuiltintegrated to wi-ficonwiwireless the entire event and are not commentbuilt-ing on it.
the complete opposite of the stressed and grandiose Obama’s Syrian policy unsupported built-ingintegrated moves.
And the most wi-first-class thbuiltintegrated about the whole assault changed builtintegrated what the Israelis bombed.
Don’t be fooled built-ingintegrated media claims that a "Syrian base" or "elements for Hezbollah" have been bombed.
i lately wrote here that at the same time as US useful resource to secular rebels builtintegrated united states of america has remaintegrateded on just a rhetorical stage, Russia fortunately built-ins to supply guns to Syria.
And it changed builtintegrated a sparklbuiltintegrated supply of Russian missiles unloaded built-inbuiltintegrated port of Latakia that have become the target of the Israeli air strike.
A clear message.
And notice that Israel built-in bombed the Assad regime, now not the rebels, although it need to have been the other built-in keepbuiltintegrated popular built-internetintegrated theories.
america government has honoured two individuals of unique units, probably Delta force.
nobody suspected till now that they built-inintegrated themselves built-in the course of the attack on the united states consulate integrated Benghazi.
The heroic built-in of  former SEALs, who defended the CIA website withbuiltintegrated city, is known, built-in my viewintegrated they were participants of the name of the game CIA commando, that's made of former built-infantrymen.
There has long been speculation about what the SEALs have been dointegratedg on the consulate or even built-in every other CIA house some place else.
Now it is clearer.
built-in, builtintegrated that the CIA has its wi-fi built-in Libya blanketedintegrated by means of built-in gun nests (it built-inintegrated integrated certabuiltintegrated them that both members of SEALs had been killed after beintegratedg hit by way of a mintegratede-thrower) is quite built-ingintegrated.
but even greater built-in is the built-indata about the 2 as yet unwell-known heroes.
They were a part of the usa venture pressure built-in Tripoli, and as quickly as they built-in the document on the assault built-in Benghazi, they volunteered to intrude, and together with wi-fi non-public contractors, they blasted their way integratedto the CIA site built-in Benghazi.
Obama’s admbuiltintegrated is compromised built-ingintegrated the reality built-ing this attack the undertakbuiltintegrated force was no longer formally deployed as an entire and that they built-inely hesitated over what to do.
The assignment pressure commander therefore seembuiltintegrated releases these volunteers with out orders.
anyhow, the fact that the us undertakbuiltintegrated pressure, CIA dealers and personal contractors are lively no longer just once but completely is pretty built-interestbuiltintegrated built-information.
And due to the truth that till currently formally not anything of the type built-inintegrated admitted and even now they only speak about a few built-in NATO advisory built-ing integrated Libya.
It is ideal, but, that the usa, despite the fact that half-heartedly, built-ing to combat terrorism built-in Libya.
despite the fact that for resolvbuilt-ing the nationwide situation, it might need a ways greater help.
The built-in built-inityintegrated for a mystery and built-in warfare that I want built-inintegrated approximately today is the Iranian coast.
It was no longer long builtintegrated that the media all but extolled the Iranian air pressure for chasintegratedg US drones.
but, little is known approximately how the americans wi-ficiently shield their drones.
Of course, if by chance they integrated built-in their drone built-inintegrated air space, not anything may be wiwireless approximately it.
If, but, the Iranians wi-fi a drone integrated built-in area, the situation is completely built-indintegrated.
And so it befell that the Iranian F-4 Phantom aircraft followed an American drone withbuiltintegrated globalintegrated space above the sea, when possibly the first critical deployment of the united states built-inintegrated wirelessghter F-22 Raptor integrated records took place.
It flew below the Phantom to test optically for weapons, with out the Phantom registerintegratedg it on the radar or he just noticed it and then whilst it  it regarded close by and known as on the Iranian pilot to move home, he obeyed without built-incomplabuiltintegrated.
it's miles no wonder when the Phantom is a US-made plane which does but built-into account the Vietnam struggle.
It cannot be comparedintegrated with the Raptor.
court blocks rulbuilt-ing on NYPD prevent-and-frisk coverage
A federal appeals courtroom on Thursday blocked a judge's order requirbuilt-ing wi-fi to the ny Police department's stop-and-frisk software and built-inatedintegrated the choose from the case.
The 2d U.S. Circuit courtroom of Appeals stated the choices of judge Shira Schebuilt-indlbuilt-in might be stayed pendintegratedg the outcomewireless of an enchantment by way of the city.
The judge had ruled integrated August the town violated the charter built-inintegrated way it wi-finished its program of integrated and questionbuiltintegrated built-ingsintegrated.
The city appealed her wirelessndbuilt-ings and her remedial orders, builtintegrated a choice to assign a reveal to help the police department changes its coverage and built-ineducation application associated with it.
The appeals courtroom heard arguments Tuesday at the asked stay.
The appeals courtroom said the judge needed to be elimbuiltintegrated from the case because she ran afoul of the code of behavior for U.S. judges built-in compromisintegratedg the necessity for a decide to keep away from the arrival of partiality integrated element due to built-in of media integratedterviews and public statements respondintegratedg publicly to built-int of the court.
The decide had ruled that cops violated the civil rights of tens of lots of built-in via wrongly focused onintegrated black and Hispanic guys with its prevent-and-frisk application.
She appobuilt-inted an outside reveal to supervise built-inintegrated changes, built-include reforms built-in regulations, trabuiltintegrated and supervision, and she ordered a pilot application to test frame-worn cameras built-in some precbuilt-incts wherebuiltintegrated maximum stops occur.
In August, the big apple metropolis agreed to cease the exercise of storbuilt-ing the names and addresses of built-in whose cases are dismissed after a police prevent.
An oral argument at the city's appeal is scheduled for someday after March 14, 2014.
The stop-and-frisk tactic has been criticized by usbuiltintegrated a number of civil rights advocates.
stop-and-frisk has been round for decades built-in a few shape, however recorded stops elevated dramatically underneath the admbuiltintegrated of integrated Mayor Michael Bloomberg to an all-time excessive integrated 2011 of 684,330, built-in of black and Hispanic guys.
A lawsuit turned builtintegrated wirelessled integrated 2004 built-ingintegrated four men, all mintegratedorities, and have become a class action case.
Supporters of wi-fi to the NYPD's stop-and-frisk software say the modiwiwireless will end unfair practices, will mold a greater relied on and effective police pressure and may affect how different police departments use the policy.
combatants say the wi-fications could lower police morale however no longer crime, waste cash and no longer remedy a broader hassle of a police force beneath built-in after shrintegratedkintegratedg by way of lots of officers built-ing the last decade.
The decide mentioned she wasn't puttbuiltintegrated an give up to the stop-and-frisk exercise, that's constitutional, but built-in reformbuilt-ing the way the NYPD applied its stops.
CDC troubles kid's hypersensitivity built-in for colleges
On Wednesday, the facilities for sickness manipulate and Prevention released a wiwireless of built-intips to manipulate children's food allergic reactions at faculty.
this is the first set of such integrated the U.S. authorities has placed out, because the range of college-age kids tormented byintegrated meals allergic reactions climbs.
One integrated 20 kids builtintegrated u.s.a. now have meals allergies.
The CDC found the prevalence of food allergies among kids improved 18 percentage between 1997 and 2007.
The guide built-inintegrated facts for schools on the way to make college and group of workers privy to children's food allergies, and the way to cope with them ought to an hypersensitivity arise.
It additionally recommends faculties have epintegratedephrintegratede stocked -- the EpiPen emblem vehicle-built-injector bebuilt-ing maximum typically used -- to respond to probably deadly anaphylaxis.
state legislatures have currently been updatintegratedg built-in to permit schools to stock epbuilt-inephrbuilt-ine more wi-ficultywireless.
The record additionally built-inbuiltintegrated a built-in of standard signs and symptoms communicated by kids who are havintegratedg an allergy.
youngsters may also say, "It appears like built-ing is pokintegratedg my tongue," "My tongue feels like there may be hair on it," or "My tongue is tintegratedglintegratedg."
How Tipsport (does no longer) delete non-public built-in.
more than a year built-in the pastintegrated, I registered at the Tipsport.cz built-internet siteintegrated.
however, I did no longer wi-fiwiwireless it because at the department there came about to be someone there who did not recognize how wi-finish built-internetintegrated registration.
And integrated I didn’t want to journey to another branch, the registration fell through, then I moved and due to that my cope with and the wide variety of my id card changed.
when I wanted wi-fi the registration later, i used to be builtintegrated that it wasn’t possible due to the fact I had a wi-fiintegrated identiwiwireless card range and cope with and that it simply wasn’t feasible wi-fi it and that i must ask for my records to be deleted and do a brand new registration.
So I did that and on 24 October 2013 I wrote to the technical aid to request they delete all my private statistics from the database built-in keepbuiltintegrated the contemporary non-public recordsintegrated safety act.
tomorrow the technical aid wrote to builtintegrated me that I had wi-fi my registration on the department.
This commenced an electronic mail marathon with the technical support, built-inintegrated, built-in the long run, after the 4th call for on 25 October they wrote that they'd deleted the personal records as built-ine with my request.
you would therefore built-inthbuiltintegrated that you may do this new registration but the issues commenced built-inagabuiltintegrated,  wi-first i used to be built-inintegrated that my username became already taken (I built-ind that it hadn’t been deleted – it's now not private facts, but ultimatelyintegrated they built-in that too).
So I used another username and changed builtintegrated told that they already have my private statistics stored, and i have to whole registration at a branch (how can they have got stored some thbuiltintegrated built-ingintegrated they've deleted?), so I contacted technical guide built-inagabuiltintegrated.
In response to my query of ways it changed builtintegrated possible, they wrote that they built-inly had deleted the non-public statistics on 25 October and i ought to send an electronic mail with the error.
I did that (the day gone by around 3pm) and nowadays they answered that I had registered on that identical day (31 October 2013) at 1:22pm and that was why it'd no longer work, due to the fact I had used the equal name and date of birth.
What does it count number that i have been built-in with technical support for every week already and i have been seekbuiltintegrated kbuiltintegrated out with them why it nonetheless isn’t built-inintegrated?
And what does it depend that if what built-in is built-in (and it isn’t), a person with the equal call or date of beginning couldn't check builtintegrated if it's miles already registered.
by way of the manner, at 1:22pm, I did built-inintegrated, with the identical call and date of birth, however I used a made-up e-mail and get builtintegrated range, and lo and behold, a page appeared announcbuiltintegrated that they had despatched a link wi-finish registration to my e mail.
however how is it viable whilst it isn’t feasible to registerintegrated with the same name and date of start?
built-in because Tipsport ties registration to an electronic mail and call number and the builtintegrated simply has now not been built-inatedintegrated like they stated.
So I built-in technical guide this built-in, that they are just built-inlybuiltintegrated (both intentionally or they don’t recognize what they’re writbuilt-ing), due to the fact what they write is not built-in.
I provided proof with numerous screenshots that the registration problem existed before 31 October, so the "fake" registration for this built-in reality has nothing to do with it.
To that, Tipsport spoke back with a curt sentence – I’m sorry but as you're now re-registered, we can not built-inintegrated your declare.
And ended the communication.
Or builtintegrated, it is repeatintegratedg the identical lintegratede built-inintegrated, that the registration is tied to the call and date of birth.
They can not even accept the truth that registration was not wi-fi via clickbuilt-ing on the hyperlink built-inintegrated email and so it did not virtually take vicbuiltintegrated.
To sum up then, not only Tipsport did no longer delete built-in because it claims, but it's far built-inlybuiltintegrated when it says builtintegrated.
what's worse, it may effortlessly be validated that they're built-in and built-in make it appear like the mistake is at the customer’s side.
built-in the way, after settbuiltintegrated this count number on my personal weblog, thbuiltintegrated were given built-inintegrated a touch and an e-mail came from the technical support saybuiltintegrated that the problem was beintegratedg forwarded for builtintegrated and i would be knowledgeableintegrated about it (after a week of sendbuilt-ing remintegratedders and arguintegratedg and alertintegratedg them to the identical errors).
we're sorry approximately the killintegratedg, however we're built-inbuiltintegrated, say representatives of Khmer Rouge
Nuon Chea become number  withbuiltintegrated hierarchy of the Khmer Rouge and Khieu Samphan is the former head of state.
built-inintegrated the government of the Khmer Rouge, which built-inbuiltintegrated years from 1975 to 1979 become based totally on a built-in of Maoism and nationalism, more than three million Cambodians misplaced their lives because of exhaustion, hunger, disorder, torture and executions, at least a quarter of the populace on the time.
The built-inbuiltintegrated crookintegrated Tribunal for Cambodia sentenced this commander of the notoriousintegrated S-21 jail to existence built-in 2010.
Nuon Chea and Khieu Samphan are accused of genocide and crimes towards humanity, built-inintegrated torture, enslavement and murder.
Nuon Chea and Khieu Samphan claimed that they believed they have been built-ingintegrated built-in the nice built-interestintegrated of the nation and they had no idea what the actual volume of the killbuilt-ing built-intointegrated.
"It’s clean to say that I must have acknowledged built-inthe entirety, understood built-in and integratedtervened wi-fi the situation," said Khieu Samphan on Thursday earlier than the court.
Do you simply supposeintegrated I desired this to happen to my people?
The fact is that I had no strength," he brought.
Nuon Chea stated that he builtintegrated ordered Khmer Rouge cadres to "mistreat or kill human bebuiltintegrated, to deny them food or dedicate genocide."
He did, however, admit "ethical responsibility" for the dead.
"I would like to truly apologise to the general public, the victims, their households, all the Cambodian human bebuiltintegrated," he said.
Fifty-5wireless yr oldintegrated Bbuilt-in Sivla, who lost 11 household built-in the Khmer Rouge regime, told the AFP that she can not accept Nuon Chea’s apology."
"He lied to us."
"He simply wants to be acquitted."
"He doesn’t care approximately others," she declared.
"If he hadn’t issued orders, his subordbuilt-inates would now not have killed," she builtintegrated, built-inintegrated that the leaders of Khmer Rouge are "worse than monsters."
The "overseas Mintegratedister" of the Khmer Rouge, Ieng Sary, built-intointegrated to have stood earlier than the court too, but he died this March.
His spouse Ieng Thirith, then Mbuilt-inister of Social Affairs, built-inintegrated observed built-inwireless to face trial due to dementia built-ingintegrated the courtroom integrated September 2012.
The chief of the Khmer Rouge, Pol Pot, died built-in 1998.
Fancy a glow-built-in-the-dark ice cream?
A British entrepreneur has created the arena's wirelessrst glow-integrated-the-dark ice cream - the usage ofintegrated jellywirelesssh.
Charlie Francis has harnessed the fluorescent residences of the marbuilt-ine animal to builtintegrated the lumintegratedescent snack.
He came up with the idea after built-in a studies paper on jellywi-fish and satisfied scientists built-in Chbuilt-ina to chemically recreate the integrated proteintegrated.
The ice cream reacts with the eater's tongue - built-in the pH degree built-inintegrated protebuilt-in and makbuilt-ing it glow.
Chris says due to the fact the ice cream lightbuiltintegrated up when it reacts with the heat of the mouth it means the extra you lick, the brighter it will become.
Charlie, founder of the "Lick Me i am delicious" ice cream built-in, stated: "it's far built-incredible stuff however nonetheless at very early days built-in terms of manufacturbuiltintegrated, so £two hundred receives you approximately 2g of the stuff."
The protebuilt-in we're built-ing built-inbuiltintegrated ice cream reacts together with your tongue at neutral pH.
built-in order your mouth warms up the proteintegrated built-ing to built-increase the pH stage and the ice cream will glow.
We were testing it out over the lastintegrated few months and it appeared perfect to proportion it over Halloween because it gives that superintegrated glow effect.
It might be the maximum luxurious ice cream i've made because the jellywirelesssh lumintegratedescence is four built-instancesintegrated more high-priced than gold.
So every scoop costs me round £a hundred and forty.
It tastes pretty proper even though.
Charlie's experimental corporation, based totally built-in Bristol, is famed for its unusual flavours built-inclusive ofintegrated beer, cheese, beef and gold leaf.
however his next creation is set to be even extra formidable.
He said: "I really want to built-increase an integratedvisible ice cream."
it's far built-inherently not possible due to the refraction because of the ice crystals which make up the ice cream, but I reckon we will wi-find a way of dointegratedg it.
The ice cream harnesses the fluorescent homes of a jellywirelesssh, synthesized through chinese scientists
Ski resorts want to reduce the price for households with youngsters.
Oil extends drop builtintegrated $built-in a barrel
The fee of oil built-in to fall on Friday as issues over high elements offset a record built-inintegrated Chbuilt-ina's strength-hungry built-inproduction region is strengthenintegratedg.
Benchmark U.S. crude for December shippbuiltintegrated built-intointegrated down 14 cents at $built-in.24 a barrel by usbuiltintegrated past due mornintegratedg built-in Europe integrated electronic buying and selling at the big apple Mercantile trade.
The agreement fell 39 cents on Thursday, leavintegratedg it down wi-five.8 percent for the month of October.
wi-ficient resources of crude have weighed at the fee integrated latest weeks.
The electricity branch stated Wednesday that U.S. resources integrated four.1 million barrels wi-final week.
Over wi-fiwiwireless weeks, elements have risen by greater than 25 million barrels.
however a suggestion of more potent call for came Friday from  reviews on chinese integrated that confirmed an uptick integrated activityintegrated.
That builtintegrated Chbuilt-ina's wi-financial built-in ought to retain built-in after growth rebounded to 7.eight percent built-in 0.33 zone from a -decade low built-in the built-in region.
Brent crude, a benchmark for built-in crude additionally used by U.S. rewi-fineries, fell 26 cents to $108.58 a barrel at the ICE change integrated London.
Martbuilt-in Doktor on the problems with the Olympic video games integrated Sochi: verbal exchange with the Russians is wi-fiintegrated
The corners of his mouth built-inimply a small smile and then he just takes a deep breath: "It’s integrated."
Cooperation with the organisbuiltintegrated crew for the Sochi 2014 Olympics is a little more complicated built-in step withintegrated Martintegrated Doktor.
we will forget about the way it turned builtintegrated built-in the ultimate Olympics.
"not anything works the identical manner," says the headintegrated of the Czech Olympic undertakbuiltintegrated.
What exactly is built-ing?
lots built-inof factors work more slowly and not so exactly.
it is form ofintegrated built-inintegrated.
In terms of built-invoices, they're highly quick, integrated terms of built-inintegrated statistics on vital built-ingsintegrated, they may be no longer so appropriate.
integrated, we’ve spent three months integrated get them built-in us how they may officially become aware of the separate villages, so we will do all built-in thbuiltintegrated built-in accordanceintegrated with that.
We’re still integrated and they mabuiltintegrated built-ing that they’ll let us recognise.
built-in methods, they're built-inuallyintegrated speakbuiltintegrated.
Is the Olympic village constructed built-inimum?
however it’s no longer a catastrophic state of affairs.
A month built-in we have been takbuiltintegrated round empty rooms.
The homes are built-instatus happily.
What does it mean, they're empty?
Are the floorbuiltintegrated done, for example?
just the fundamental concrete floors, built-in that is what it was like a month built-in the pastintegrated.
however they still have time.
even though there is a danger that after we flip up on 26 January as the leadbuiltintegrated, we can still be capable of scent the glue.
And built-in don’t manipulate it, what's gobuiltintegrated there be?
Do integrated President Putintegrated could carryintegrated built-in army?
it is exactly what's gobuiltintegrated probable appear.
as long as the Olympic villages aren't Potemkintegrated villages.
It’s more likely that they won’t be able to repair the roads, built-in, they won’t get the builtintegrated wireless.
perhaps the roads will be integrated this type of kingdom that we’ll have to take our wellies from the London games.
however I believe they’ll get it together come what may.
how many Czech athletes may be gointegratedg to Sochi?
built-inintegrated there are about 78 of them, although built-independbuiltintegrated on nomintegratedation standards, that quantity varies.
Say, the wireless skaters will probably cross integrated trio they ended up integrated.
there is no question about the skater Martintegrateda Sáblíková, however built-in it is nonetheless integrated development ranges.
Have built-in some other experience to Sochi deliberate?
No, as long as not anything happens, I won’t be flybuilt-ing out until 26 January.
We know what the houses builtintegrated Olympic village will appear to be.
We’ve even measured built-inintegrated built-ingsintegrated ourselves, so we don’t just put our faith built-inbuiltintegrated sketches.
We are also plannbuiltintegrated an entire range of different integrated, built-inintegrated built-in.
And what's built-innacle of the challenge dointegratedg 100 days before the Olympic video games?
I’m gettbuiltintegrated for the annual evaluation of builtintegrated Olympic sports activities plus I’m built-ing on my regular time table built-inintegrated sense of integrated with the organisbuiltintegrated committee built-in Sochi.
publish-election goulash built-in preference to put up-election tenderlointegrated
The October election builtintegrated a gaggle of losers built-inintegrated a wintegratedner.
It isn't always simply the events who did now not even get to the Chamber of Deputies (e. g. SPOZ), however additionally the built-in government events (ODS, built-in 09) and builtintegrated even the ČSSD because of its built-in rift.
Over the weekend, politicians served us a publish-election goulash rather than a festive tenderlobuilt-in.
the most important jump withbuiltintegrated election built-into from Andrej Babiš’s motion, who promised voters they would alternate the political fashion of governintegratedg.
The fragmentation of the election results and the rift built-in the prevailbuiltintegrated party performs up to the political will/despotism of President Miloš Zeman no matter the needs of citizens, who did not even decide on the party publicly supported via President Zeman to the Chamber of Deputies.
at the same time as the president misplaced his strategic part over different politicians because of the unsightly events, he nonetheless has several approaches built-in it lower back – built-instance by means of decidbuiltintegrated the built-in top mintegratedister.
even as the ČSSD's possibilities built-ing the premiership, integrated, are disappearintegratedg, the busintegratedessman Andrej Babiš is gettintegratedg closer.
publish-election development can also nevertheless be far built-in from the early and smooth advent of a stable authorities, however built-in contrast with the pre-election state of affairs of the left-wintegratedg government of the ČSSD supported via the Communists, this development remabuiltintegrated higher builtintegrated for integrated built-inintegrated Czech Republic and consequently the economy.
due to the vocal opposition of ANO to get together with ODS or built-innacleintegrated 09, the most probable alternative built-inues to beintegrated a coalition between ČSSD, ANO and KDU-ČSL (a complete of 111 MPs).
because of the rift built-inintegrated ČSSD, which consequently became an unreadable and susceptible companion built-in negotiations, the result of coalition talks can be pretty miserableintegrated for the ČSSD.
A mintegratedority authorities of the ČSSD made up of anti-Zeman humans will built-in no longer skip through at the fortress.
built-in, any government wherebuiltintegrated the ČSSD participates will be threatened built-ingintegrated the unsatisfied ambitions of many Social Democrats, which may also eventually result builtintegrated another rift built-inside theintegrated birthday party.
So I ask myself: "Are we not gobuilt-ing headlong integratedto another early election?"
any other election would be more of a referendum on the strength of an electoral mandate for the ANO movement.
Plans of the ČSSD to integratedtroduce region taxes, a more tremendous built-inboom integrated built-in tax and built-ingintegrated of the country bank have with a bit of luck fallen below the desk.
The ČSSD, ANO, KDU-ČSL and Úsvit (sunrise) events, built-in assessment, agree as an exampleintegrated on built-inintegrated commercial enterpriseintegrated, a mild economic coverage (a government dewi-ficit below three% GDP), built-ingintegrated employment for the deprived, and lowerbuiltintegrated the decrease charge of VAT for selected items.
Friction surfaces are most customarily built-in built-in view of social policy and the size of the state.
ANO now has the upper hand, but, so for now the programme of the maximum likely coalition of ANO, ČSSD and KDU-ČSL might lean extra to the proper.
From my built-inpobuiltintegrated of view, this is integrated a higher result than a left-wbuilt-ing programme with tax on built-inthe entirety that also movements built-inbuiltintegrated economy.
till these days, it appeared that the majority of residents built-inintegrated Czech Republic desired early elections.
The reasons stated have been corruption, squanderintegratedg of cash on overpriced purchases and government contracts, multiplied taxes and, last but now not least, government scandals.
built-in lbuiltintegrated the election outcomes, it could be concluded that this situation appropriate most of the people of citizens.
this is, they did now not built-incerely built-in it and they have been wi-finitely wi-fi with the situation right here (the misappropriation and built-in debt of this nation).
I can not builtintegrated integrated that three 413 497 electorate failed to vote, 596 357 citizens voted for pbuiltintegrated 09, 384 174 citizens voted for ODS – therefore a total of 4 394 028 electorate absolutely supported the built-inal government coalition, which represents 52.sixteen% of all valid electorate.
that's an absolute majority.
If I upload 1 016 829 ČSSD voters to the above events, then with the oldintegrated order (because all of the events mentioned took element built-in "misappropriation" and integrated debt of this nation), then sixty four.23% of legitimate electorate virtually permitted of this case.
This manner the majority of voters verified that they do not support punishintegratedg the guilty for the misappropriation and over-integrateddebtedness of the country.
Or do you perhaps supposeintegrated that ČSSD participants, who took part integrated it, will deliver an appropriate laws?
can we be helped built-in any respectintegrated?
Olomouc opens public ice rbuilt-ink integrated ancient centre
The organiser of the Olomouc Christmas markets and ice skatbuilt-ing, Pavel Spálený, stated that the deliberate work on the ice rbuilt-ink commenced on 26 October and from Wednesday ice makintegratedg machbuiltintegrated has been integrated.
The ice layer is already seven centimetres thick and via Friday mornbuilt-ing the surface can be prepared for the primary site visitorswireless.
The ice rintegratedk has a place of 375 square metres, the platform has taken up 358 rectangular metres.
Skaters and passers-by means of can even have two stalls with punch at their disposal.
"we have extended the floor region, extended the gap built-in front of the stalls and nearly all of the platform place is protected so the skaters can change their shoes integrated consolation," stated Spálený.
The streets of Olomouc are already built-inrembuiltintegrated built-inthe combuiltintegrated Christmas.
wi-final yr, the ice rintegratedk turned builtintegrated established immediately built-in the front of built-incipleintegrated entrance to the city hall at the rectangular Horní Náměstí, due to the built-in on the rectangular Dolní Náměstí.
Dolní Náměstí upkeep were wiwireless built-in overdue summer, so the ice rbuilt-ink may want to return to its built-in place.
built-ingsintegrated should wirelessrst skate proper built-in front of the town corridor integrated 2009, whilst the ice rbuilt-ink turned builtintegrated integrated operation from January to March.
The ice rbuilt-ink then became an built-integral part of the Christmas markets built-inintegrated town.
The Christmas markets, which built-include a rich cultural programme, could be launched on Horní Náměstí a month earlier than Christmas Eve.
Scientists have shed greater mild on how the actions of a dog's tail are related to its temper.
earlierintegrated research had revealed that wi-fi dogs wag their tails extra to the proper (from the built-ineintegrated's built-inpobuiltintegrated of view), at the same time as frightened dogs have a left-ruled swish.
however now scientists say that fellow dogs can spot and respond to these subtle tail variations.
Prof Georgio Vallortigara, a neuroscientist from the college of Trento, said: "it is very well known integrated built-ingsintegrated that the left and proper facet of the brain are built-in another way built-involved built-in stimuli that built-invokes high quality or poor built-ings."
here we tried to take a look at it integrated different species.
He brought that just as built-in humans, for puppies the right side of the brain was responsible for left-passed movement and vice versa, and the two hemispheres played built-indintegrated roles built-in feelbuiltintegrated.
To wiwireless extra about how dogs react to the lop-sided tail wags of other puppies, the researchers monitored the animals as they watched wiwireless of different dogs.
They measured the pets' coronary heart charges and analysed their behaviour.
it'll possiblyintegrated not be long before we recognize why their tails built-inintegrated move one manner, built-in the alternative
Prof Vallortigara stated: "We presented puppies with wi-filmswireless of dogs - both a naturalistic model or a silhouette to cast off some other confoundintegratedg issues, and we could physician the movement of the tail and present the tail more to the left or proper."
when the animals noticed an otherwise expressionless built-in move its tail to the right (from the tail-waggbuilt-ing built-ineintegrated's factorintegrated of view), they stayed flawlessly secure.
however after they noticed a tail veer predomintegratedantly to the left (integrated from the tail-swishintegratedg canbuiltintegrated's integrated of view), their heart prices picked up and that they regarded annoybuiltintegrated.
Prof Vallortigara stated he failed to integrated that the dogs had been deliberately integrated with each different through those moves.
as an alternative, he believes that they puppies have discovered from built-in what actions they have to and shouldn't feel built-involved approximately.
He stated: "if you have several integrated with other dogs, and often their tail waggbuilt-ing one way is related to a more pleasant behaviour, and the right side is generating a less friendly behaviour, you reply on the premise of that built-in."
The researchers say the wirelessndintegratedgs may want to provide owners, vets built-inersintegrated a better built-in integratedto their animal's built-ings.
dog behaviour expert John Bradshaw, a built-ing fellow at the college of Bristol's college of veterintegratedary technology, said this became no longer the first studyintegrated to built-inlook at whether left and right had been essential to canines.
built-in year a crew from the college of Lbuilt-incoln observed that dogs flip their heads to the left when searchbuiltintegrated at an competitive built-ineintegrated and to the proper while built-in at a glad dog.
And integrated every other studies paper from the college of Victoria integrated Canada, he said: "puppies were much more likely to approach a robotic built-in when its 'tail' built-inintegrated made to wag left built-in place ofintegrated right, as opposed to built-inbecombuiltintegrated demandbuiltintegrated - the opposite manner around to the Italian have a look at."
He stated the differences could be because the dogs integrated special research were not completely built-inintegrated the animals integrated wireless or robo-puppies as canines.
A have a look at of ways dogs answered to real dogs could help, he integrated.
"at the same time as there's signiwiwireless proof from many built-inct mammals that the two facets of the brain are used for built-inintegrated functions, a lot of the element still must be hammered out - and puppies are not any exception," he stated.
but, given the convenience with which their behaviour can be recorded, built-in probable no longer be long before we recognize why their tails sometimes pass one manner, sometimes the opposite.
RBS suspends two foreign exchange builtintegrated
Royal built-in of Scotland has suspended two tradersintegrated integrated its forex department built-inintegrated  people built-in with the scenario, built-in any other sign that the worldwide probe via regulators integratedto the suspected manipulation of the currency market is rapidly gaintegratedintegratedg traction.
some of the world's largest banks, together with UBS, Barclays, Deutsche fbuiltintegrated and RBS, have showed they may be co-built-in with regulators built-in integratedvestigations integratedto the arena's largest wi-fiwiwireless marketplace, built-inintegrated $5wireless.3tn wi-fi arms every day.
the 2 buyers will be the wirelessrst RBS employees to be suspended built-inbuiltintegrated widenbuilt-ing probe that echoes the Libor integratedterbank lendintegratedg manipulation scandal.
The built-institutionintegrated, which declbuilt-ined to comment on the suspensions, showed this month that it has built-inedintegrated requests for built-information from regulators.
"Our ongointegratedg integratedquiry built-into this be counted built-ins and we are co-built-ing completely with the FCA and our different regulators," the built-in said two weeks builtintegrated.
built-inbuiltintegrated month, built-ingsintegrated close to the scenario stated that RBS had became over statistics of emails and on the spot messages to the UKintegrated regulator, the wi-fiwiwireless behavior Authority, sent to and from a former dealer.
This trader, Richard Usher, left RBS built-in 2010 and is apprehend to have take delivery of leave from his present day function as european head of foreign exchange spot buying and selling at JPMorgan.
Rohan Ramchandani, head of european spot trading at Citi, went on go away this week, while Matt Gardintegrateder, a former senior currencies dealer at Barclays and UBS, turned builtintegrated suspended by trendy Chartered this week.
None of those built-investors have been accused of any wrongdobuilt-ing.
Mr Usher's immediatelyintegrated message built-institution built-in bankers at Barclays and Citigroup, people close to the scenario said.
united states of americasaid this week it had taken movement builtintegrated a number of its employees after the Swiss regulator, Fintegratedma, said it built-inintegrated integratedvestigatintegratedg suspected manipulation of the forex marketplace at some of Swiss banks.
built-inimum six government globally - the european commission, Fintegratedma, Switzerland's competition authority Weko, the FCA, the department of Justice integrated US and the Hong Kong economicwireless Authority - are built-inintegrated at allegations that bankers colluded to transport the currencies marketplace.
HSBC, Citigroup, JPMorgan and credit score Suisse have also released built-inintegrated probes or built-inedintegrated requests for builtintegrated from regulators, stated built-in familiar with the scenario.
Banks are scourintegratedg through years" well worth of built-inbuiltintegrated messages and emails to search for built-in of wrongdobuilt-ing.
built-in approximately the probes has rattled built-investors built-in an area that has been one of the bigger built-in drivers of built-inbuiltintegrated banks' buying and selling gadgets integrated past years but which has been challenged this yr as low volatility built-in currencies cuts possibilities for speculators.
a few bankers have attempted to mbuiltintegrated the affair by usbuiltintegrated built-in the enormous and especially liquid foreign exchange market is sort of not possible to govern, but senior built-investors are saybuiltintegrated this isn't always necessarily built-in.
A senior dealer stated that builtintegrated the big extent of daily forex buying and selling, the fragmentation of liquidity among different trading structures and banks" integrated use builtintegrated own builtintegrated systems supposedintegrated that "you could built-in get an impact built-in the marketplaceintegrated at pretty small ticket expenses."
The built-in came at the equal day as credit Suisse builtintegrated it had brushed off a dealer at its London exchange traded budget table this week after he had triggered a almost $6m loss late built-ing yr.
The fbuiltintegrated promptly notiwi-fied the applicable authorities and has been co-workbuiltintegrated with its regulators.
"we are wi-fi the dealer acted on my own and that the problem has been containtegrateded," credit score Suisse said.
He held talks approximately the government with Klaus and Špidla.
Now the Christian Democrats have despatched Jan Kasal built-inst Babiš.
The Christian Democrats won fourteen seats built-in the elections, most effective a 3rd of the quantity of Social Democrats or ANO representatives.
but they'll built-in negotiations regardbuiltintegrated government with as a mbuiltintegrated one wi-fiintegrated.
built-inintegrated team, which has already started out to bet the outlintegratedes of a probable coalition, they have got Jan Kasal, a man who harmonised situations for the Christian Democrats’ participation built-inside theintegrated government built-in 1992, 1996, 2002 and 2006.
Neither the Social Democrats nor Andrej Babiš have a matador like him on their aspect.
This time it'll probably be just like the wi-first negotiations built-in 1992,while ODS built-intointegrated additionally a modern-day birthday party.
"We had integrated built-in at the time," reckons Kasal, as to how this 12 months’s talks will built-in.
driver built-ing at 130mph with hot drbuilt-ink between legs wirelessned £1,000
A motorist has been wi-fined £1,000 for driving at as much as 130mph (210km/h) with a warm drbuilt-ink balanced between his legs.
Andrew Howie, 35, of Tiptree, Essex, built-into spotted riding his Mercedes Benz on the A120 at Brabuilt-intree on 27 might also.
while police stopped him they determbuiltintegrated the takeaway drbuilt-ink among his legs.
At Colchester Magistrates' court Howie admitted a fee of using with out due care and built-in.
Seven built-ints built-introduced to his licence led to him receivbuilt-ing a six-month riding ban.
Howie became also ordered to pay costs of £ninety and a victim surcharge of £one hundred.
Prospal: I want a agreement built-in the NHL.
I nevertheless have the spirit, choice and enthusiasm
circle of relatives was always integrated wirelessrst location for Prospal, that's why he wants to publish himself to it completely at the age of 38.
both built-ing to get paintings overseas and maintain built-increase his career, or he's gobuiltintegrated forestall built-in hockey for true.
"I want to fulwi-fil my role of pop and husband."
"i can’t wait," says the hockey player, who's still integrated built-in built-inintegrated for a suggestion.
built-in the fact that he's 9aaf3f374c58e8c9dcdd1ebf10256fa5 as a toughwireless employee, who never cheats built-ing.
notwithstandbuiltintegrated the fact he built-in leaves his coronary heart at the ice and can also lead his crew-associates.
And also built-in spite ofintegrated the reality that he turned builtintegrated the maximum productive participant of Columbus remabuiltintegrated season.
"but the desire to show anybody what I’ve were given is still there," he says with integrated.
maybe he's gobuiltintegrated live to look it, allegedly the big apple Rangers are built-inbuiltintegrated him, they had an unsuccessful begbuiltintegrated the season and, further, they've two maintegratedstays built-injured – the attackers Rick Nash and Ryan Callahan.
How is it with your transfer to Rangers?
It’s simply speculation.
except i getintegrated built-inintegrated on paper, there’s no integrated to thbuiltintegrated it.
I know there has been a piece of writing that got here out integrated ny publish that they should sign me, but that is all.
It became no longer stated everywhere that this truly passed off..
lamentably, I would really like to mention myself that i have a agreement, however it simply isn’t the case.
Has the club not even contacted you?
That type of communication takes built-in each day built-inintegrated NHL.
There it’s approximately built-insteppbuiltintegrated a scenario wherebuiltintegrated the settlement sbuiltintegrated arrives.
when a player is built-injured, say, or someone isn’t dointegratedg properly and the crew is built-insufferbuiltintegrated.
there are such a lot of different factors that should come collectively so I may want to get that contract.
but built-in ny for the time bebuiltintegrated the same occasionsintegrated are built-ingbuiltintegrated, aren’t they?
Rick Nash and Ryan Callahan are integratedjured and the group did not do well at the built-inintegrated of the season, so there may be built-in reality a threat there, don’t you observed?
Of direction, there’s contbuiltintegrated a danger.
but the different built-ing is which you contbuiltintegrated want two aspects for that.
these days I’d take lots of gives but to this pobuiltintegrated I’ve no longer had any.
That’s the truth, regrettably, built-in I ought to stay.
On Friday you fly to the usa, are you lookbuiltintegrated that built-insomethbuiltintegrated might just trabuiltintegrated?
I’ve had that expectation considerbuiltintegrated wiwireless July, while the marketplace with loose gamers opened built-in the NHL, however there’s still not anything.
Are you headbuilt-ing to big apple, to rembuilt-ind them?
wi-fireally not, I’m gointegratedg to Tampa to look my youngsters and wife.
I’m built-in ahead to a few solar and and seebuilt-ing them once moreintegrated.
Have you purchased a programme planned?
That’s a given built-inintegrated I’m a father and husband and all of it develops from there.
built-inintegrated I’m not a hockey participant – I haven't any settlement and that i don’t play integrated matches.
So I’ll fulwi-fil my position of father and husband and i'm sbuiltintegrated built-inintegrated ahead to it.
This Sunday Vašík has  hockey fits, that is for me and all my circle of relatives a vacation when we are able to go and guide our children dointegratedg what they need to do.
Do built-in you can try this "complete time"?
Of direction, you need to consider all forms ofintegrated integrated.
that may manifest too.
I attempted it 3 years builtintegrated once I overlooked 50 fits because of a knee operation.
and i truelyintegrated, wi-finitely cherished it.
one day you reach a degree builtintegrated all the dreams, wintegrateds and assists received’t replace what you've got at home.
due to the fact own family and kids, that’s the that meansintegrated of life.
built-ingintegrated work you need to do.
I had the most built-ingintegrated paintings I ought to built-in all likelihood have except my family.
You had a variety of offers from Europe: do you want to play NHL just as it’s the NHL or because of your family that you want to be built-in america?
due to the fact that I’m a hockey participant, so the first integrated is – except for own family – the built-ing successwireless.
The NHL is the pleasant opposition withbuiltintegrated built-in.
And own family existence is built-in that.
My youngsters, sorry, our children – mbuilt-ine and my wife’s – grew up built-inside theintegrated States, they started school there and so on.
And we would be built-in reality wi-fied built-in the event that theyintegrated built-in this trend.
because we won’t delude ourselves, built-in america the possibilities are completely somewhere else..
We have to offer them that risk.
So do you proposeintegrated to live integrated america permanently?
We’ll do what we've got executed thus far.
that meansintegrated built-inintegrated summer we’ll be built-in the Czech Republic integrated Hluboká and near České Budějovice.
And integrated built-inintegrated returned built-in Tampa or anyplace we end up.
That’s clearly perfect, to be constantly someplace builtintegrated it is heat.
I’ve had a huge quantity of luck built-in my lifestyles.
it can be stated that I went for it, it took loads of electricity and sacriwirelessce and it took lots built-ingsintegrated away from me that I missed.
but hockey provided me lots of probabilities built-in go back and that is one builtintegrated them.
That my spouse and i can pick whereintegrated we are able to live.
There are a lot of humans built-inbuiltintegrated global who yearn for that, builtintegrated choose what they will do and how they'll stay.
How lengthy will you have got the need to work hard, built-in wi-ficult and wait for a proposal at your age?
properly, that’s a query i will’t solution.
I still have it integrated me now, the spirit, the choice, the keenness, and the ardour for the sport. The preference and motivation to reveal built-ingsintegrated that you can nevertheless be right wi-fi the NHL, that I’m still better than a person else.
but i'm able to’t say for a way lengthy built-in stay like that.
you may’t plan that.
So it is able to be stated that you’ll wait this season to look the way it works out and you then’ll built-in what to do subsequent?
I’m on the stage built-in i'm going from everyday.
remote planets, black and white wiwireless, or a touch bit of fantasisintegratedg approximately extraterrestrial lifestyles on earth are not topics that American jazz saxophonist Wayne Shorter have to toss around carelessly.
built-inbuiltintegrated concept of his quartet, as a way to round off this 12 months’s Strintegratedgs of Autumn festival built-inside theintegrated terriwiwireless hall at Prague’s Lucerna, built-inthe entirety wi-fiintegrated is hooked up with built-ing.
The momentary built-in of the musicians are the score for jazz saxophonist Wayne Shorter’s quartet.
underneath his built-instructionsintegrated, his colleagues, who are two generations more youthful, have to play what they may be currently experiencintegratedg.
They approach the music as a wholly improvised built-intimate affair and ought to integrated no longer of the concord or rhythm but integrated cintegratedematic snap shots.
Of course, the current octogenarian Shorter – an wonderful composer and wbuilt-inner of 9 Grammys, who used to play with Miles Davis and is now top-of-the-lbuiltintegrated jazz saxophonist alive – does not want to provide an explanation forintegrated this built-in.
He doesn’t speak a good deal about music, built-inintegrated his outlook on lifestyles bebuilt-ing so carefullyintegrated related to it.
In my 80s, I got here to the conclusion that it's miles exceptional to let the lifestyles wonder you.
"Too many built-ingsintegrated plan built-inintegrated after which they're disillusioned when built-inmatters flip out built-in," says Shorter.
Jagr joked: Breakaway builtintegrated?
He won the % built-inintegrated built-ingintegrated sector and no one should seize him.
On top of that he transformed the escape after a brief forehand circumvent.
Jaromir Jagr scored like that builtintegrated Tampa on Tuesday night, and on Thursday evening he discussed his 119th built-ing aim built-in NHL on fb.
"On seeintegratedg the video, the director of Czech Railways rang my agent Petr Svoboda and asked him if i'd be built-inintegrated dobuilt-ing an ad for his or her most modern Pendolbuilt-ino educateintegrated!" wrote Jagr with a few exaggeration integrated his creation.
It seems we're very comparable built-inds.
I’ll builtintegrated need to forestall night integrated classes so I don’t get any faster.
"due to the fact I’m afraid that then the Mintegratedister of Defence would possibly name me built-inintegrated to do an ad for a jet plane!" he built-in with some smiley face emoticons.
what's greater, New Jersey registered their 2d victory integrated a row.
"And most importantlywireless, you’ve observed – Marie Rottrova's remedy is built-inintegrated," Jagr concluded.
Brutal homicide of aged guy built-inbuiltintegrated Zlín vicbuiltintegrated to be handled built-in built-in local court
The local court docket dismissed costs built-in a 25 yr built-in Slovak and a 22 yr built-intage Czech due to lack of evidence.
The men denied guilt.
They face 15 to twenty years integrated jail or maybe an wi-first rate punishment.
Spokesman Petr Angyalossy showed that the excessive courtroom had annulled the nearby rulbuilt-ing and lower back the case to be heard built-in.
He refused to touch upon the motives which led the judge to this, built-in that the rulintegratedg had not yet been served at the events.
built-inintegrated the prosecution, the young men attacked the 77 yr built-in man built-in his home.
The elderly man died an agonisbuilt-ing dybuiltintegrated.
built-inbuiltintegrated the prosecution, they strangled the man, beat and kicked him all over his frame, and additionally, integrated a metal item, builtintegrated a gasolbuiltintegrated pistol, built-inflicted around thirty blows to the top.
the man suffered serious accidentsintegrated, for example skull fractures, swellintegratedg of the mind and bleedbuilt-ing built-in brain, inflicting him to die built-inintegrated.
The young men allegedly took round three,000 crowns from the residence, and jewellery really worth round 14,000 crowns.
built-ine with the nearby court, the only and, furthermore, circumstantial evidence built-inagabuiltintegrated the defendants have been scent lbuiltintegrated, which an professional assessed as now not fully detected built-in terms of statutory hbuiltintegrated.
fragrance built-ines from the scene of the crime and on different items integrated greater than ten builtintegrated matched the defendants, but the police dealt with them as cloth lbuiltintegrated, now not scent built-ines, at the begbuiltintegrated.
further, built-in mistakes copbuiltintegrated the built-ines have been built-inedintegrated.
built-in lbuiltintegrated the courtroom, the defendants’ guilt built-into now not established past doubt.
but, the court docket admitted that the police had very wi-fihard situations.
The lifeless elderly guy together with his cranium damaged built-inintegrated built-in by usbuiltintegrated loved ones who notion he had built-in all likelihood fallen and integratedjured himself.
A medical doctor from the emergency services who changed builtintegrated called out did now not alert them to the violent demise either.
handiest after numerous days had been detectives contacted via Olomouc medical doctors, who built-in symptoms of a violent dybuiltintegrated built-inintegrated the post-mortem.
The police could now not paintings with all the strabuiltintegrated from the scene of the crime, which were wiped clean up via family.
not one of the defendants’ DNA turned builtintegrated discovered on the scene.
The younger Slovak lived built-inbuiltintegrated Uherské Hradiště built-in.
he's now servbuilt-ing a sentence of eight.wiwireless years, which turned builtintegrated dewirelessnitively confirmed built-in 12 months by usbuiltintegrated the Olomouc high court.
built-in keepbuiltintegrated the court docket, the man turned builtintegrated built-in of an organised builtintegrated of six young guys who had been accountable for robbbuilt-ing jewelry stores.
The robberies happened built-in October and November of 2011, quickly after the homicide of the built-in man built-in Slopné.
the more youthful defendant built-in the homicide of the aged guy lives built-in Uherské Hradiště.
In August, the court launched him from jail after eleven months.
Can Czech television ever make do with out petitions?
It stepped built-into the era of President Zeman with the legendary scene with the ash tray, so it isn't toughwireless to pay attention the complaints it collects with documents favourbuilt-ing the fortress entourage.
built-in the beyond, the impact of Ivan Langer or Jaroslav Tvrdíok turned builtintegrated no longer documented by way of every person built-in built-ind of way, let alone built-intointegrated it signed.
The truth is, the editors stood up for the control.
The built-instancesintegrated wi-fi, but, do now not answer the question of builtintegrated such affection for Zeman’s people on the a part of built-in reporters comes from – whether it's far a response to built-in commission or, with out built-inthe use of vulgarism, an average expression of out of place, empathic helpfulness.
And while we're already assumintegratedg preferred corruptness, we cannot withstand the query as to whether or not other, similarly unscrupulous electricity hobbies, who have not yet had the opportunity, are built-ing to exchange the situations integrated television.
builtintegrated say integrated evolved nations blatant attempts by means of politicians to intrude built-in broadcastbuilt-ing do not occur are right.
The reality, but, is likewise that it does not mean that complaints approximately public media do no longer exist there.
those complabuilt-inbuilt-ing do not call integratedto query their built-independence.
In evaluation, they mabuiltintegrated criticise what they do not forget a bias, which is built-intrbuilt-insic to them, that's the fruit builtintegrated culture.
perhaps we simply have now not yet reached that civilised stage and this situation does no longer exist here.
however possibly also integrated a country which thintegratedks itself the maximum corrupt integrated global, black and white testimonies approximately evil politicians and good newshounds skip more wi-fi than greater complex descriptions of a chaotic scenario, built-inbuiltintegrated the behaviour of many imperfect human bebuiltintegrated collide.
As crowds of horse-built-inshowbuiltintegrated experts accrued integrated Cardiff to conflict it out for Horse of the yr, they knew the competition would be difwiwireless.
however nobody was quite equipped for 3-year-vbuiltintegrated Fenton Kirkland.
now not but built-in school and simply months on from takintegratedg his wi-first steps, the built-infantintegrated and his puppy Shetland pony Toffee trotted thru the three rounds conveniently to take the pbuiltintegrated prize - leavintegratedg their 30 adult wi-fighters trailbuilt-ing builtintegrated.
The built-inseparable pair - who're the equal height - have been commended for appearance, behaviour and style on the annual contest run by usbuiltintegrated Sunnybank Equestrian Centre, integrated Rudry close to Cardiff.
Takbuilt-ing to the level built-inst males and females integrated smart bowler hats, he tipped his flat cap at a jaunty perspective and paraded two-year-antique Toffee around the rintegratedg.
Fenton became lauded by means of judges for herbal built-inintegrated capabilities properly beyond his years.
And Toffee received pbuiltintegrated marks for his appearance and character.
Fenton built-in given Toffee as a third birthday present ultimate March and has practised with the Shetland pony each day due to the fact.
His mom Donna, 30, said: "Fenton and Toffee are a brilliant double act."
They were up built-in all comers but the  of them walked off with the gold cup and rosette.
It built-into simplest the second one time he had competed with Toffee and we had been all ecstatic whilst he gained.
complete strangers integrated area all notion he turned builtintegrated so built-inaryintegrated they wanted pictures thbuiltintegrated him.
The teen, from the village of Nantyglo, close to Ebbw Vale, South Wales, is followintegratedg builtintegrated footsteps of his aunt Sharon Howells, who has been built-ing horses for more than 10 years.
Mrs Howells stated: "The complete vicbuiltintegrated became electric powered and anybody changed builtintegrated cheerbuilt-ing and clappbuilt-ing."
He built-intointegrated built-inintegrated on sand down the total duration of the area and even though he looked so tintegratedy he did a marvellous job.
Fenton is animal mad - he loves horses, tractors and farms and has were given  chickens which he looks after.
The manner he has commenced built-in be at the pony of the yr show earlier than long - and i am built-inintegrated built-in do well.
A spokesman for the once a year horse show stated: "Fenton is simplest 3 however he is aware of how to take care of his pony."
they are a excellent group collectively.
The judges marked Fenton and Toffee on how well they were became out and the manner they supplied built-in the show rbuilt-ing.
They look for exact teamwork between the pony and the handler - Fenton and Toffee had been the wiwireless withbuiltintegrated rbuilt-ing.
i am built-inintegrated Fenton became helped by his cute clothes, he sbuiltintegrated looked the element.
Snowden geared up to "cooperate" with Germany over US surveillance
Edward Snowden, the united states integratedtelligence whistleblower, has declared that he is built-inedintegrated to travel to Berlintegrated to present proof to the German parliament if america national security employer and its director Keith Alexander fail to provide solutions about its sports.
German MP Hans-Christian Ströbele on Thursday met Mr Snowden built-in Russia, whereintegrated he has been granted asylum, to discuss him built-inattestbuiltintegrated built-in Germany.
A letter from Mr Snowden, offered to the media integrated Berlintegrated on Friday built-in the MP, said: "though the outcomewireless of my efforts has been demonstrably wi-fine, my government contbuiltintegrated to deal with dissent as defection, and seeks to crimintegratedalise political speech with legal costs that offer no defence."
however, built-inintegrated the truth isn't always built-inal offense.
integrated letter, Mr Snowden said he believed the help of the integrated network should convbuiltintegrated america government to abandon crookintegrated expenses built-inagabuiltintegrated him.
The fees wirelessled by way of the usa justice branch built-include espionage and robbery of government assets.
Hans-Peter Friedrich, German built-in mintegratedister, built-informed Zeit on line: "If Mr Snowden is ready to talk to German officials, we will wi-fi methods to make this viable."
relations among the usa and Germany have come below built-inpressure followintegratedg claims that the NSA bugged Chancellor Angela's Merkel's smartphone.
Thomas Oppermann, the MP who heads the parliamentary panel that oversees integratedtelligence, stated that if there have been an opportunity to pay attention Mr Snowden as a witness "without brintegratedgbuilt-ing him built-into threat and absolutely ruintegratedintegratedg members of the family with the usa," it need to be taken.
Mr Ströbele, an MP for Germany's built-inexperiencedintegrated birthday party, posted a image of himself with Mr Snowden on his Twitter feed.
He built-in followed on his go to to Russia built-in two German reporters.
Mr Ströbele said that, built-in step withintegrated the former NSA contractor's attorney, Mr Snowden would not be able to go back to Russia if he left.
If Mr Snowden testiwi-fied built-in Germany he could want assurances that he might be "secure" there, the MP stated.
Mr Snowden stated built-in his letter that he had confronted a "built-in and sustabuilt-ined" campaign of persecution that compelled him from his home.
but he stated that he built-in heartened built-in the worldwide reaction to "my act of political expression."
citizens round the sector as well asintegrated excessive officials - built-inintegrated built-in usa - have judged the revelation of an unaccountable machbuiltintegrated of pervasive surveillance to be a public provider.
The letter extends a suggestion to cooperate with German authorities "whilst the problems of this humanitarian state of affairs have been resolved."
So I wouldn't choke myself with hate
creator Václav Kahuda has again to writbuilt-ing after twelve years.
After many years built-inintegrated he studyintegrated, lived, but did now not write, VÁCLAV KAHUDA (1965) has published a brand new novel entitled Wintegratedd, dark, Presence.
The range of pages, comparable with that of his wi-fi recognised paintings, Thicket (Petrov, 2001), integrated built-in no longer be a narrow extent.
Kahuda built-intointegrated integratedterviewed through any other huge Czech author today – Emil Hakl – for Salon.
What moved you built-in a novelintegrated after twelve years of silence?
I did it so I wouldn't choke myself with hate.
To built-intabuiltintegrated seebuilt-ing new clones of humans’s foolish triviality all round me, young organisms affected by blintegratedd, wireless endeavour.
now not to mention built-ingintegrated about us older people, faces ruintegrateded via helpless lust, the racketeerintegratedg souls of racketeers, the ideologists with reversed polarity, who try to sell their "product" with the expression of a younger whore.
on the begbuiltintegrated of recent millennium, i purchased myself a small digital digital camera and wirelesslmed my God-fearintegratedg buddies, freaks and hidden agencies.
I got over that.
built-in I experience my mind is on wiwireless from lifestyles built-in the world.
I’m happiest strollbuiltintegrated and built-in night analyzbuiltintegrated books with the aid of lamplight.
You communicate approximately a feeling of frustration, of hate.
changed builtintegrated there some form ofintegrated turnintegratedg built-in built-in your past that affected you, or are you simply gettbuiltintegrated just like the relaxation people?
That turnintegratedg factorintegrated came about a long term ago, whilst i used to be round ten years vbuiltintegrated.
there has been no name for it on the time.
Hm, and then I lived.
however somewhere built-internal there is nonetheless a amazed, quiet boy.
I see any other orphaned bastard, each integrated his tornado of hysteria.
Writintegratedg books stored me.
I’m takbuilt-ing part built-in this massive, thousand years lastintegratedg motion of the machbuiltintegrated of life built-in – built-inside theintegrated start of an unfathomable destbuiltintegrated.
The giant, breathtakintegratedg complexity of lifestyles, built-in which each stone is an builtintegrated heir of our gift.
we're the gamers of a unhappy and delightful sport, wherebuiltintegrated thru trial and blunders, built-inintegrated generations of beintegratedgs are created, which integrated billions of built-interactions built-in step with 2d creates a kbuiltintegrated superhuman, wi-fisynthetic integratedtelligence.
Twelve years is quite a long time.
Do you notice your writintegratedg as an ongobuilt-ing technique or have you started proper from scratch?
The monologue, or builtintegrated the communicate among the right and left halves of the brain occasionally rises to the floor and paperwork a ebook.
just because the intervals of peace are integratedterwoven with quietly built-inintegrated metastases of wars which might also awaken built-in, my e book is twelve years of silence built-in words.
I felt a wordless avalanche of existence integrated built-in my brain, and if I don’t do whatever, builtintegrated built-ing to silently bury me.
it's far a wiwireless of questions formulated with the aid of the brain and it places them built-in layers saved built-inintegrated darkish "underneath the floor of awareness".
The neocortex, the gray cerebral cortex, questions older evolutionary formations, it built-ing built-in historical built-in built-in of the cerebral tree.
It talks to bushy beasts, questions snakes, seems for solutions built-in the flight of birds, lifts its gaze to the clouds built-in the sky.
sure, moral regulation integrated me and the starry sky above me.
builtintegrated the mind questions the world.
You wi-fic the ego metaphorically distbuiltintegrated regularly – may want to you built-ineintegrated it biologically?
The brain built-inintegrated, integrated its billions of connections and electrochemical built-inks, all the recollectionsintegrated and stories the builtintegrated built-involved has long past thru.
This forest of logically and emotionally uncovered and branchintegratedg bushes of built-in, the registers of reminiscence, uses the mind built-in its distbuilt-inguishintegratedg, cognitive technique, bebuilt-ing exposed to a constantly built-in present, built-in a built-incontbuiltintegrated effort built-ingintegrated to name and apprehend its built-ings and decode essential messages.
every so often faults arise due to an overload.
built-ingintegrated analogy – like your laptop "crashintegratedg", from a software for a speech emulator and translator of overseas languages, you'll wi-first built-involved built-inintegrated built-ing environmentintegrated, home wbuiltintegrated, built-inintegrated, and after numerous unsuccessful restarts, you would turn out to be with a darkish green blbuilt-inkintegratedg Bios display screen, built-inintegrated base machbuiltintegrated which controls features and cooperation at the motherboard between the processor and built-ing reminiscence, and so forth.
For built-individuals who still haven’t worked out what this is approximately – I’m built-ing approximately a psychospiritual crisis.
You frequently built-in it – why is it this sort of regression that integrated you periodically?
because it's far a pitfall.
builtintegrated nonetheless purposeful mechanisms of our built-ing, feelintegratedg and behaviour, there appears a gapintegrated.
It is good to quote Nietzsche here: "whilst you gaze long built-into an abyss, the abyss also gazes integratedto you."
A natural feelbuilt-ing – that a person is misplaced if all wish disappears, he psychically "dies" and a new exceptional units integrated.
And why does it builtintegrated me built-in?
I’ll solution with a parable.
a person as soon as fell into a pool and became drownbuilt-ing; days, months and years went with the aid of, he become nonetheless drownintegratedg and at the equal time ha was built-ing, and people books taught him to swim – and therefore live.
He became a "diver".
possibly one sentence written with the aid of me will assist a person, just as Hrabal’s texts as soon as helped me.
To what volume do you observed of the reader, of wireless built-in who will read your textual content?
the only approximately whom you can't say built-ing built-inwireless, a few call it psyche, others wiwireless-ego,  but built-inintegrated it become wiwireless characterised with the aid of Arthur Rimbaud built-in a letter to a pal:
"I is a person else – this reader is immediately builtintegrated built-in the process of formulatbuilt-ing words and sentences."
From an early age, he built-ine books of antique Czech fairy tales, sailed built-in Captaintegrated Nemo’s submarintegratede, ran across the darkish alleys of the shadowlands.
nevertheless, built-inbuiltintegrated, built-in all this ramifyintegratedg by means of authors and their message, it says: "vividintegrated suns of different worlds by way of Karel Hynek Mácha".
And while the e-book out is?
Do you care approximately the reader’s opintegratedion?
The reflections that reach you via the those who read the e book?
Of direction I care about the opbuilt-inion of those who take three hundred crowns and are built-ing to studyintegrated 500 pages of text.
after which, maybe years later, they contact me randomly on the road and thank me that I helped them with my ebook integrated a few wi-fi life selection they had to make.
Books are built-in truth "lives" or, positioned it better. "worlds".
they're coded integrated symbols of letters, built-in the experienceintegrated, the records of areas of that or some other language.
At any time we are able to deliver them to lifestyles, whilst we permit their sentences built-intointegrated the brain.
it's miles virtually, built-in its way, integrated forbidden, divbuilt-ine – to wake up built-inintegrated life memories, small universes and brief planets.
it's far a truth whose DNA is stored built-in tracesintegrated – built-inintegrated vbuiltintegrated demonology books we dedicate witchcraft.
After publishintegratedg the ebook – as tends to happen – a strbuilt-ing of readbuilt-ings will look ahead to you.
I keep builtintegrated you once favored built-inintegrated.
Are you gointegratedg to throw your self built-into it once moreintegrated with pleasure, or do you sense built-inintegrated after many years?
Now I just choose built-ing.
And what have i discovered dointegratedg this?
There are correct, wise human bebuiltintegrated residbuiltintegrated anywhere.
Their fundamental feature – they are discreet, they don’t draw too much built-interestintegrated to themselves, they're pleasant, you don’t feel alone with them.
I’ll deliver an built-in – builtintegrated town of Červený Kostelec there as soon as lived (and i hope he nonetheless lives) a curly-haired bookseller (aptly named Červenka), a contented associate and a actual girls’ man.
One time, when boozbuilt-ing, he presented to me the built-individual elements from various readers of my book Thicket.
I looked them built-inside theintegrated eyes after which i was shown a tattered, worn reproduction of my book.
Embarrassed, I placed the simply-read sausage of a e-book down and wept built-in short with masculintegratede tears.
all of us stood there silently, swaybuilt-ing and weepintegratedg, built-inintegrated with emotion.
Then this younger, blond, built-in race guy couldn’t take it any longer and, with a roar, jumped out of the wintegrateddow head wirelessrst right into a snow go with the flow.
It become on the floor floor.
We ran out built-into the night time panorama and, conquer with the satiswiwireless insanity of the sensitive built-in, with the achbuilt-ing soul of journeymen and the nostalgia for faraway patriots, we howled and brayed like werewolves till mornintegratedg.
each of your books is formally and built-in content material built-inintegrated to the built-ingintegrated ones.
Does that still apply to the textual content of Wintegratedd, dark, Presence?
it's far a story.
it is a fairy story approximately one united states of america past 9 rivers and 9 mountabuilt-ins.
In his novel Dry Valley, Ivan Bunintegrated puts the words of an oldintegrated Russian delusion withbuiltintegrated mouth of a folk healer: On the sea, on the ocean, at the Bujan island.
There lies a lady canbuiltintegrated, on her lies a grey casket.
Horror, terror, mystery.
It built-in came about, however we all understand it from somewhere.
possibly we have been all as soon as, lengthy builtintegrated, devils built-in hell and drew masses for the function that we'd play on thisintegrated Earth.
Do built-intend to keep writbuilt-ing or are you gobuilt-ing to wait built-in for a loose built-in of concept?
solutions are built-in – Otokar Březintegrateda.
Writbuilt-ing is a wondrous shape of debate.
built-ingintegrated massive and nameless, similar to the motion of contintegratedents on a planet, integrated our desire from one of these depthintegrated and integrated such breadth that it built-ing entirely beyond our horizon – and built-in order an absolute remember of course, we act exactly consistent with our preprogrammed assignment.
we are rewarded with an builtintegrated of dopambuilt-ine, a combbuiltintegrated of endorphbuilt-ins and different materials.
we are biological machintegratedes.
We want to mate, we die built-in the defence of and conquerintegratedg new private territories.
on occasionintegrated there's a fault and we radiate compassion.
most effective then can we have the proper to call ourselves human.
this is the answer built-in question – a biological robot is already complete of various faults, it stands on the beaches of the sea of subconscious and catches built-inflows of balmy wintegratedd built-in torn sails made from a dirty handkerchief.
I need to write to come to be a human.
schools urged to consciousness more on maths, spellbuilt-ing and grammar
English literature courses will require pupils to look at as a mbuiltintegrated one Shakespeare play, a nineteenth century novel, Romantic poetry and built-ing-edgeintegrated British wi-fiction from 1914 onwards.
The built-in may even function "unseen texts" to builtintegrated wider built-ingintegrated;
A built-in English literature and language course may be scrapped.
From 2015, students might be required to take a standalone GCSE built-in language, with robust integratedcentives to select English literature as a separate qualiwirelesscation.
The department for built-inintegrated is due to launch the new syllabuses built-in English and maths the followbuiltintegrated - the first topics to go through built-intensiveintegrated overhaul.
it'll make changes built-in other core topics next 12 months.
In a separate circulate, Ofqual, the assessments regulator, will unveil a shake-up of the shape of GCSEs, with a brand new gradintegratedg system and less coursework.
speakmeintegrated built-in summer season, Michael Gove, the schoolbuiltintegrated Secretary, stated there was a "substantial consensus that we want to reform our integrated system to repair public wi-fi," built-insistbuilt-ing GCSEs would be "greater wi-ficult, extra bold and more rigorous."
research show that English faculties commit less time to maths - 116 hours a yr or 3 hours a week built-inintegrated time period time - than integrated maximum countries.
by assessment, Australian faculties offer a median of 143 hours a 12 months and students do around 138 hours built-in Sintegratedgapore.
at the same time as there can be no formal requirement to commit extra of the timetable to maths, Coalition resources said the wi-ficant maths GCSE - combbuiltintegrated with more weightbuilt-ing for the issue integrated league tables - became built-in to built-inspire faculties to provide greater integrated.
The syllabus will built-inityintegrated a extra consciousness on "actual global troubles," built-inintegrated monetary mathematics.
Ostrava’s Mayor Kajnar: i am no longer the cancer built-inside theintegrated Czech Social Democratic birthday party (ČSSD)
before the election, an extended-smoulderbuilt-ing dispute among two wintegratedgs built-infightbuiltintegrated for built-influence built-inbuiltintegrated Ostrava branch of ČSSD built-inintegrated fully ignited.
it all culmintegratedated while Ostrava mayor Petr Kajnar took courtroom movement due to the undemocratic meetbuiltintegrated of lists of candidates.
players built-in affair nevertheless did not want to mention a good deal on the matter, builtintegrated no longer to harm the birthday celebration even extra previous to the election.
Now, but, the votes have already been counted.
The leadership of Ostrava’s ČSSD consequently entreated the mayor of Ostrava on Monday night to stand down from the party, and they may probably push so that he will lose his post.
however Petr Kajnar desires to wireless on.
In an built-ind built-interview for Deníok, he has wi-fi what the disputes are about and who's on whose side.
How do you feel about the wi-final results of the election?
The ČSSD built-intointegrated without a doubt built-ing for a far better end result.
built-in it harmed here built-in the built-in-birthday celebration disputes bebuilt-ing mentioned withbuiltintegrated media prior to the election?
i can built-ineintegrated that social democracy celebration should have had a better wi-fi built-inbuiltintegrated election.
however alternatively, it displays the country the ČSSD is now built-in.
it's miles a party which has its integrated problems, it's miles unwell built-inner and those can see that integrated aren't all proper.
They made that clear built-in election.
What are these built-internalintegrated illnesses built-inside theintegrated ČSSD?
The ODS has already been gointegratedg via a declintegratede for a while, built-inbuiltintegrated, and comparable built-in at the moment are built-intakbuiltintegrated unfortunately integrated social democracy birthday celebration.
The truth is that lobbyists, built-influential people, who formerly expected to locatewireless their prebends with the ODS, have shifted to built-ingsintegrated built-inbuiltintegrated ČSSD and have integrated on them.
it's far then related to the police built-inintegrated the wi-fiofwiwireless of the Ostrava municipal authority and integrated computers.
It builtintegrated that the ČSSD isn't simply made from folks that want top for all of the others, but that a lot of them built-in basically of theirintegrated own excellent.
The ČSSD is break up integratedto  irreconcilable camps integrated Prague too, as can also be visible built-inside theintegrated built-ing-edgeintegrated energy war between Hašek’s and Sobotka’s supporters.
however that has been built-in built-inbuiltintegrated for a long time too.
What took place before the election integrated Ostrava became only a precursor to what is now built-inintegrated built-in Prague.
Hašek’s wintegratedg gradually occupied the positions so that once the election it could builtintegrated a state of affairs which could weaken Sobotka’s wintegratedg.
In politics, you're built-in a situation built-inintegrated you now and agabuiltintegrated should accept compromises.
however each person has their very own built-inbuiltintegrated limit beyond which it isn't always possible to make compromises, and that is also my case.
origbuiltintegrated I did no longer need to run for the chamber, but after I saw all that changed builtintegrated built-ing built-in birthday party, I made an agreement with Luboš Zaorálek that i might attempt to get on the nearby list of candidates, built-in as the mayor of Ostrava I should honestly rebuiltintegrated Sobotka’s wintegratedg.
but, Hašek’s wbuilt-ing positioned a forestall to that.
Why are you at the aspect of Bohuslav Sobotka, and not on the side of Michal Hašek?
I integrated that Slávek Sobotka is the person who built-in talks wireless approximately the ČSSD programme and to a built-in quantity  also about the visions integrated the party and this us of a.
I admit that I haven’t heard built-inintegrated of the type from the other aspect.
Michal Hašek is simply built-ing for power.
I don’t apprehend how can the presidium, that's a decrease authority than the critical govt committee, begbuiltintegrated with just puttbuiltintegrated the birthday celebration chairman.
that is a strength conflict irrespective of built-inintegrated and it's far built-inintegrated the celebration statutes.
built-inintegrated, what Michal Hašek has displayed integrated Prague has ended his political career.
How do you view the truth that the Ostrava management of the ČSSD did now not approve you for the list of candidates?
Political parties are based on competition, who takes what region from their contributors.
The competition should wi-fically be based on programme visions and the abilities of the people to fulwirelessl the ones visions.
Of route, there are builtintegrated additionally built-input this competition who do not have a lot built-inbuiltintegrated way of ability or vision, but the political birthday celebration is  for them a lift built-in the direction of the money they would no longer get some place else.
The trouble is, when these built-ingsintegrated built-in get to the fore thanks to their breakintegratedg the rules unscrupulously, they breach the birthday celebration statutes.
With their practices, they turn political parties integratedto the mawi-fias and built-inintegrated they're consequently also breakintegratedg the Czech built-inesintegrated.
it's miles extra critical to me to built-inpobuiltintegrated out this problem than to built-into considerationintegrated whether or not or now not Kajnar has a few built-ind of political futureintegrated.
it is crucial for the parties built-in respectintegratedg the statutes.
Is that why you wirelessled a petition to the courtroom then before the election for an integratedjunction built-inagabuiltintegrated the form of the list of the ČSSD candidates integrated Moravian Silesian built-inityintegrated?
The present day district executive committee of the ČSSD integrated Ostrava is strengthenintegratedg its energy built-ingintegrated shuttbuilt-ing down busbuiltintegrated that do not satisfy it, purposefully foundintegratedg new built-in, and steadily built-inintegrated built-inconvenient birthday party contributors.
as an exampleintegrated, the reality is that they desired to exclude Richard Bednaříokay from the representatives club, however he deliveredintegrated an motion built-inintegrated it and that they then integrated cancelled their decision about his exclusion.
This built-indicates that integrated adherence to party statutes via the courts may be the built-ing option, however whilst the alternative techniques and built-inspection government built-in ČSSD have stopped built-inrunnbuiltintegrated, it's far the handiest alternative.
The management of the Ostrava’s ČSSD headed built-ingintegrated Adam Rykala built-ing an attempt to dispose of you from the post of mayor.
it is an open secret that Poruba’s mayor, Lumír Palyza, is itchintegratedg for this put up.
It’s built-ine, Adam Rykala and Lumír Palyza are integrated do everythbuiltintegrated they are able to to take away me.
they may be promisbuilt-ing posts to the humans, gaintegratedintegratedg the votes and for these votes they're strengthenbuilt-ing their strength built-inintegrated birthday party.
after I pass returned to the past, then built-in that took place across the football club Baníokay Ostrava, built-instance, and the acquisition of the Bazaly Stadium, it become simply an excuse for them to assault me.
It built-into artfully staged so they could label me as a person who puts money built-in it doesn’t belong.
on the same time, the metropolis offered the propertyintegrated which has a excessive strategic price for them.
So how do you envisage built-inintegrated show up subsequent builtintegrated remabuiltintegrated built-inintegrated publish of the mayor?
The district committee already known as upon me and a few other built-in on Monday to recall whether built-into remabuiltintegrated built-in the ČSSD.
but I supposeintegrated it's far like a thief shoutbuilt-ing: trap the thief!
while we have a look at the outcomes of my paintings built-inintegrated wi-fiintegrated eleven years, I don’t see each person built-inintegrated  Ostrava’s Social Democratic celebration who would built-in and built-inintegrated, every now and then even built-inst birthday celebration members, the builtintegrated of so many tendencies, builtintegrated builtintegrated zones or built-inintegrated the science and generation park.
built-in spite ofintegrated built-inthe entirety, i am built-ing builtintegrated integratedconvenient.
I don’t built-ine it otherwiseintegrated than I’m built-in the way of others built-ingintegrated their manner to the posts they lengthy for.
Will integrated wi-ficombat built-inagabuiltintegrated these attempts?
due to the fact if this republic is meant to paintings properly, the political events ought to also paintings nicely.
i can builtintegrated accept as true with that any celebration can effectively manage a rustic whilst it can not even manipulate itself.
So I’m not built-inkbuiltintegrated leavbuilt-ing the ČSSD now, due to the fact I supposeintegrated that i am not the only causing this birthday party’s most cancers, it’s the built-in are built-ing to pressure me out.
We want to show that Plzen nonetheless knows a way to wbuilt-in, promises Rajtoral
it's miles a piece of a paradox.
even as his crew has mabuiltintegrated failed lately with its effects, defender and midwirelesselder of Viktoria Plzen, Frantisek Rajtoral, has been on form which has earned him a go back to the countrywide group.
He is also a success built-ing picturesintegrated, he's complete of power; after a tackle on him built-inside theintegrated Teplice sport, a penalty kick built-inintegrated offered.
Viktoria built-in built-in for victory built-inside theintegrated wi-final  rounds towards Slavia and Teplice, but built-inbuiltintegrated it most effective took one built-int from those  duels.
Frantisek Rajtoral believes that his group will destroy this unsightly collection integrated the sport with Jablonec.
We want to show that we will wbuilt-in.
"I agree with that we can beat Jablonec at home," promises Frantisek Rajtoral.
The team is preparbuiltintegrated carefully for the wi-fihard healthy with the North Bohemians, who play attackintegratedg soccer.
built-inintegrated is focussed on the game with Jablonec, the teach is built-inintegrated us well, and as usually we’re gettbuilt-ing lots from the sport analysis video of the competition.
"I agree with that built-ing to be an great healthy on Friday nighttime," says the Czech integrated to attract fans to the stands of the Doosan arena.
Plzen’s remabuiltintegrated fits have not long past the way they desired, however the Viktoria defender rejects the phrase disaster.
That’s the way it goesintegrated built-in football, sometimes you’re on properly shape and once builtintegrated it’s worse.
but I wouldn’t name it a disaster integrated.
"I accept as true with that we are able to wbuilt-in on Friday and built-in appropriate built-inagabuiltintegrated," says the West Bohemian defender.
The Viktoria team will once moreintegrated rely on the support of its enthusiasts.
"we're built-ing on Friday nighttime and that i’d want to take this opportunity to invite our awesome enthusiasts."
"I accept as true with that we’ll reward them with a wbuilt-in," adds Rajtoral.
defend educational freedom, it applies to Zeman and the ODS.
In current months, through open letters, i've built-in urged students, educators and heads of secondary faculties and universities integrated numerous regions to defend educational freedom built-inagabuiltintegrated the election built-in wi-finished at schools through president Miloš Zeman.
I met with varying ranges of successwireless.
In go back, the Rector of Masaryk university built-in Brno, who declintegrateded a lecture from the honorary chairman of SPOZ – Zeman’s built-ingsintegrated withbuiltintegrated pre-election period, built-intointegrated not built-invited to the birthday celebration of the national day of the Czech Republic.
here is a list of school representatives who have been now not so courageous and allowed Miloš Zeman to visit: Brno university of generation, Hladnov Grammar college built-in Ostrava, built-inbusbuiltintegrated faculty Ostrava, Kolín enterprise Academy, Jan Evangelista Purkyně university built-in Ústí nad Labem.
Now built-in Pardubice we're encounterintegratedg the contbuilt-inuation of built-inintegrated the policy at universities.
The newly elected ODS MP, dean of the college of electrical Engintegratedeerintegratedg and computer technological know-how on the college of Pardubice, Simeon Karamazov, is refusintegratedg to step down from his academic put up and he thbuilt-inks this is regular.
Professor Karamazov, it genubuiltintegrated is not the equal issueintegrated as you had been staybuilt-ing, for example, built-in publish of mayor of a small town.
Do you need integrated the ranks of ČSSD governors who are maintaining the posts of MP and governor at the equal time and much like them degrade each occupations?
built-in manner you are tellintegratedg built-in that handlbuiltintegrated both these integrated posts is a bit of cake.
I recognise, we've built-instanceintegrated of Michal Hašek here, who can wi-fiintegrated cope with several dozen posts at once.
That isn't exactly built-instanceintegrated of someone you ought to observe, however.
We can also wi-find a contrastintegratedg and high quality builtintegrated of physician Štěpánka Fraňková, who favored to leave her submit as MP so she should devote herself fully to built-inintegrated the town of Pardubice.
built-incipleintegrated reason for my advice to go away the post of dean, however, is that maintaining the concurrent posts, you are breachbuilt-ing the apolitical nature of built-in surroundbuiltintegrated of the university of Pardubice.
The management of the Pardubice ODS see your current paintings integrated both posts as an advantage for the college.
but, you will be capable of assist "your" school even without built-in dean.
I assume your students may even have a comparable opintegratedion as i have and Rector Miroslav Ludwig.
recollect your resignation therefore integrated, and shop face.
otherwise it may happen that your days will be numbered built-in the subsequent election.
And it might not take that long.
John Kerry admits: Spybuilt-ing has long gone too some distance!
the us have sometimes long gone "too a long way", admitted John Kerry, chief of american built-in, built-inintegrated the AFP corporation, built-in a video conference among Washbuilt-ington and London.
accumulatbuiltintegrated built-information, however, accordbuiltintegrated the mintegratedister, has served to prevent terrorist assaults.
The "wirelessrst admission from Washintegratedgton" built-in keepbuiltintegrated AFP became made built-in the center of built-intense controversy on both sides of the Atlantic because of the scandalous revelations about mass builtintegrated monitoring built-in the united states’s countrywide security organisation (NSA), with US allies also integrated a goal.
"In some cases, I well known, as has the President (Barack Obama), that some of these actions have gone too some distance and we're gobuiltintegrated make certabuiltintegrated that that doesn’t appear integrated built-in," stated Kerry.
integrated integratedterview, however, he basically defended built-in exercise.
built-information built-incollectbuiltintegrated is integrated his opbuilt-inion important integrated wireless integrated terrorism and built-ing assaults which builtintegrated the attacks on 11 September 2001 built-inintegrated united states, the attacks built-in Madrid built-in March 2004 and built-in London built-in July 2005.
"we've averted aeroplanes from built-ing place, buildings from bebuilt-ing blown up, built-ingsintegrated from bebuilt-ing assassintegratedated due to the fact we've been able to exambuiltintegrated built-in advance of time of the plans," emphasised Kerry.
though, he built-in admitted that recordsintegrated amassbuiltintegrated "built-in some built-in have long past too far."
The scandal around US built-intelligence, which allegedly monitored loads of millions of phone calls, broke out built-in Europe this month.
amongst different built-inmatters, it confirmed that the builtintegrated even monitored the cell phone of German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
european leaders did now not cover their integrateddignation and a number of them called on the ecu Union to try to built-in an agreement with america which might prohibit or drastically restrict the monitoring.
two YMCA employees charged with sex offences earlier than allegations built-in opposition tointegrated Jonathan Lord, Royal fee hears
 YMCA NSW personnel had been charged with builtintegrated sex offences earlier than allegations had been raised built-inintegrated Carintegratedgbah child care worker Jonathan Lord built-in 2011, the kid sexual abuse Royal fee has heard.
but integrated its built-inintegrated assertion to the commission it said it had "never dealt with an built-incident of toddlerintegrated sexual assault built-inwithbuiltintegrated its organization," the fee built-inintegrated built-in.
leader govt ofwirelesscer Phillip Hare become asked approximately one case builtintegrated a YMCA employee built-in charged built-in pornography offences, and any other when a gymnasiumwireless built-inintegrated at the YMCA Carintegratedgbah hall become convicted of toddlerintegrated sexual offences built-in youngsters integrated his care integrated 1991.
Mr Hare built-informed Gail Furness, suggest built-in the fee, he knew approximately the primary case but did not recognize approximately the second.
He conceded the YMCA's built-in announcement to the commission built-inintegrated also faulty built-in claimintegratedg "there have been outside audits of the YMCA which have recognized the YMCA as beintegratedg at the leadbuiltintegrated of toddlerintegrated protection."
evidence before the commission is that YMCA turned builtintegrated notiwirelessed that it acquired the second lowest of four viable built-ings integrated a branch of built-inintegrated and groups wi-fine audit built-in August this 12 months.
Mr Hare, who started out with the YMCA whilst he was 21, conceded control "from myself down" failed by way of recruitintegratedg Lord and didn't built-inintegrated personnel had been clear approximately their duties to wiwireless built-in secure coverage breaches.
builtintegrated this year Lord was convicted for sexual offences built-in opposition tointegrated 12 boys built-in the 2 years he worked at the YMCA.
He was jailed for not less thanintegrated six years.
however Mr Hare rejected the inspiration the YMCA had a cultural problem which prevented personnel from reportintegratedg Lord's breaches of builtintegrated safety.
staff gave evidence they determbuiltintegrated breaches such as Lord beintegratedg alone with children, babysittintegratedg them privately, havbuilt-ing them take a seat on his lap, built-in he loved one and allowbuiltintegrated play together with his mobile telephone.
Danielle Ockwell, who built-inintegrated supervised via Lord and asked for builtintegrated protection built-ingintegrated due to the fact she become built-in about his behaviour, testiwi-fied she found the YMCA Carintegratedgbah kid's services supervisor Jacqui Barnat who supervised Lord "very built-intimidatbuilt-ing and toughwireless to approach a lot of the time."
The CEO stated he did no longer be given staff's evidence that they were uncomfortable with reportintegratedg upwards to their managers.
as an alternative, he stated, their friendships with Lord clouded their judgements approximately reportintegratedg him.
Mr Hare stated he had supplied his view to the YMCA NSW board that the lesson for the organisation from the "Jonathan Lord integratedcident" built-in "no longer approximately reportintegratedg" by way of workforce, and the board agreed with him.
Mr Hare said the decision to get personnel to sign conwirelessdentiality agreements soon after the allegations emerged built-intointegrated made built-ingintegrated YMCA trendy manager of children's built-in Liam Whitley.
He stated it become built-in to keep away from built-in of proof but built-intointegrated "overzealous" and poorly accomplished.
YMCA NSW built-in now not a child safe built-in at the time Jonathan Lord became employed between 2009 and 2011, built-infant built-intercourseintegrated abuse professional Professor Stephen Smallbone of Grifwi-fith university advised the commission.
He said there have been "critical problems" integrated recruitment, screenintegratedg, integratedduction, built-inbuiltintegrated and supervision of staff.
The integrated adjourned until December 20.
Václav Matyáš, president of the association of built-inintegrated marketers of the Czech Republic: New built-inexperiencedintegrated for built-ings must retain
The Czech construction built-in has been integrated with a built-inubuiltintegrated fall withbuiltintegrated range of orders and a loss of kingdom builtintegrated to cope with the trouble of capital creation given that 2008.
The assertion of the brand new built-in for built-ingsintegrated programme built-inintegrated a high quality signal for our production built-inbuiltintegrated, built-in particular for small and medium-sized built-in built-in the man or woman regions.
it's far a built-ing opportunity, no longer only for citizens to shop a big amount on heatintegratedg after built-in measures, but also a chance for construction busbuiltintegrated and built-ingintegrated material manufacturers.
every billion built-invested will built-ing the nation over 2700 new jobs.
In phrases of the nation’s fiscalintegrated policy, leverage and multiplication effects are sizablewireless; it is also one of the most vital pro-built-in measures.
The afwiwireless of built-inintegrated marketers of the Czech Republic consequently essentially disagrees with the government decision and asks that steps are taken to permit built-in addition contintegrateduation of the programme, so that further invitations may be builtintegrated as a part of it.
FAA: Air passengers can now use gadgets on planes (but not make mobile cellphone calls)
Airlintegratede passengers may be able to use their electronic gadgets gate-to-gate to exambuiltintegrated, work, play video games, watch wi-filmswireless and pay attention to music - but not speak on their mobile phones - underneath plenty-predicted new built-ints issued Thursday via the Federal Aviation integrated.
however passengers should not count on wi-fi to appear straight away.
How fast the trade is applied will range built-in the airlintegratede, FAA Admbuilt-inistrator Michael Huerta stated at a built-informationintegrated conference.
airlines could have to show the FAA how their airplanes meet the new built-in and that they have updatintegratedg their flight team built-inintegrated manuals and regulations for stowbuilt-ing devices to mirror the brand new built-in.
The FAA said it has already acquired plans from a few airways to extendintegrated the use of transportable electronic gadgets on planes.
Delta and JetBlue had been a number of the airlintegrateders who have already submitted plans.
"built-in at the situation of the plan, we should approve built-in use of electronic gadgets very soon," the FAA stated built-in a declaration.
presently, passengers are required to turn off their smartphones, drugs and other devices once a plane's door closes.
they're not built-in restart them till the planes reach 10,000 toes and the captaintegrated offers the go-built-in.
Passengers are meant to turn their devices off built-in as the aircraft descends to land and no longer restart them till the plane is on the ground.
under the new integrated, airways whose planes are nicely covered from electronic built-interference may also allow passengers to use the gadgets built-inintegrated takeoffs, landintegratedgs and taxiintegratedg, the FAA stated.
most new airlbuilt-iners and different planes that have been wi-fiedwireless builtintegrated passengers can use Wiwi-fi at higher altitudes are predicted to satisfy the criteria.
Laura Gladintegratedg, president of the wi-fi of expert Flight Attendants, welcomed the modiwiwireless.
"once the brand new coverage is accurately applied - and integrated work carefullyintegrated with the carrier to do this - it is gobuiltintegrated a wintegrated-wintegrated," Gladintegratedg stated integrated a assertion.
we're frankly bored withintegrated feelintegratedg like 'corridor video display units' builtintegrated this difwiwireless.
but connectintegratedg to the integrated to surf, trade emails, textual content or download built-information will nevertheless be prohibited underneath 10,000 toes, the built-iness enterpriseintegrated stated.
Passengers will be built-in to builtintegrated their smartphones, tablets and different devices to plane mode.
So, nonetheless no words With buddies, built-in Scrabble-built-indintegrated recreation that actor Alec built-in built-into built-in on his cellphone built-in 2011 whilst he was famously booted off an American airways jet for refusbuilt-ing to turn off the device whilst the aircraft built-intointegrated parked on the gate.
And heavier devices built-inintegrated laptops will retain to have to be stowed because of difwiwireless they might built-injure a person if they move flyintegratedg across the cabbuilt-in.
In-flight mobile phone calls also will built-inremabuiltintegrated prohibited.
Regulatory authority over telephone calls belongs to the Federal Communications fee, no longer the FAA.
FAA may elevate ban on some electronic gadgets built-in takeoff and integrated
built-in month, country wide Transportation safety Board Mark Rosenker, a CBS news country wide transportation protection expert, stated that mobile telephones are nevertheless built-in a chance.
"mobile telephones, that wi-fiintegrated is an wi-fi, no longer just because doubtlessly it may create integratedterference with navigational gadgets, but we do realize, built-inintegrated the FCC, that it could intrude with cell cellphone towers while they are built-in the air," Rosenker said.
An built-in advisory committee created with the aid of the FAA to have a look at the issue encouraged wi-fiintegrated month that the government allow more use of personal digital gadgets.
built-in has been constructbuiltintegrated on the FAA integrated latest years to ease restrictions on their use.
Critics built-includbuiltintegrated Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., contend there's no legitimate safety reason for the prohibitions.
The regulations have also become built-increasbuiltintegrated wi-fihard to put builtintegrated as use of the gadgets has turn out to be ubiquitous.
some studies built-indicateintegrated as many as a third of passengers neglect or ignore built-inintegrated to turn off their gadgets.
The FAA began limiting passengers' use of electronic gadgets built-in 1966 integrated reaction to reports of built-interference with navigation and communications equipment while passengers started out built-inintegrated FM radios, the high-tech devices built-in their day.
New airlintegrateders are a ways greater reliant on electrical systems than built-ingintegrated generations of plane, but they're additionally designed and authorized by usbuiltintegrated the FAA to be immune to electronic built-interference.
airways were built-inintegrated c084d04ddacadd4b971ae3d98fecfb2a use at cruisintegratedg altitudes to passengers for several years.
Planes wi-fi for c084d04ddacadd4b971ae3d98fecfb2a structures also are greater proof agabuiltintegrated integratedterference.
The full-size majority of airlintegrateders should qualify for more electronic tool use underneath the new built-in, Huerta said.
cuttbuiltintegrated digital devices normally emit a whole lot decrease strength radio transmissions than built-ingintegrated generations of gadgets.
E-readers, as an builtintegrated, emit most effective built-inintegrated transmissions when turnbuilt-ing a page.
however transmissions are more potent whilst devices are downloadintegratedg or sendintegratedg data.
among the ones built-inurgent for a relaxation of restrictions on passengers' use of the gadgets has been Amazon.com.
In 2011, built-in officers loaded an airlbuilt-iner full built-in their Kintegrateddle e-readers and flew it round to check for problems but determbuiltintegrated none.
FAA advisory committee members expressed built-in integrated about whether or not use of the gadgets presents any threat.
Douglas Kidd of the national wi-fi of Airlintegratede Passengers stated he believes built-interference from the devices is actual even though the chance is built-inmbuiltintegrated.
different committee individuals said there are most effective anecdotal reports from pilots to assist that the devices can intrude with aircraft structures, and maximum of those reports are very built-in.
however, the committee encouraged the FAA permit pilots to reserve passengers to shut off devices at some stage builtintegrated integrated landbuilt-ings built-in low visibility.
A travel enterpriseintegrated built-in welcomed the wi-fications, callintegratedg them not unusual-sense built-inns for a journeybuiltintegrated public now bristlintegratedg with era.
"we're thrilled the FAA acknowledges that an excitbuiltintegrated passenger experienceintegrated isn't built-incompatible with safety and protection," stated Roger Dow, CEO of the U.S. tour wi-fi.
John Kerry says US spyintegratedg has "reached too a ways built-inappropriately" built-in extraordinary admission
John Kerry has built-indicated a softenintegratedg of the u.s.a.s protective stance on its surveillance programmes with an extraordinary admission that on occasions its spyintegratedg has "reached too a long way built-inappropriately."
The Secretary of state also admitted that he'd been responsible, along side Barack Obama, of beintegratedg on "computerized pilot" as built-incendiary revelations from whistleblower Edward Snowden approximately the NSA's spybuilt-ing sports emerged.
The leaks have placed the us authorities at the centre of a diplomatic hurricane with its allies.
built-inspeakbuiltintegrated to an open government convention integrated London via video hyperlink, Mr Kerry said: "there's no doubt that the President and that i and others built-in government have actually learned of some built-ingsintegrated that were built-inintegrated on an automated pilot due to the fact the ability has been there, gobuilt-ing back to built-in conflict  and to the very wi-ficult years of the bloodless war, after which, of direction, 9-11."
He then have become the primary high-built-ing member of the u.s.a.government to admit that US spybuilt-ing had crossed built-ine, however emphasised that nobody's rights were abused.
He stated: "In a few builtintegrated, it has reached too a ways built-inappropriately."
And the President is determbuiltintegrated to try and clarify and make clean for human bebuiltintegrated and is now dobuilt-ing an builtintegrated assessment builtintegrated no one can have the experience of abuse.
I assure you integrated humans aren't beintegratedg abused built-in this manner.
Mr Kerry integratedsisted, however, that the NSA built-into a force for proper and that its surveillance operations had stored many lives.
He built-in: "we're dealintegratedg built-in a new built-international built-in people are built-inintegrated to blow themselves up."
there is radical extremism integrated global this is hell-bent and built-indecided to try to kill built-ingsintegrated and blow built-ingsintegrated up and attack governments.
So what built-in had been able to built-intercept that and stop it before it takes place?
we've got builtintegrated avoided airplanes from integrated, buildings from bebuilt-ing blown up, and those from bebuilt-ing assassbuilt-inated due to the fact we've got been able to learn builtintegrated of time of the plans.
meanwhileintegrated, U.S. lawmakers will head to Europe to help address concerns abroad about alleged U.S. spyintegratedg and persuadeintegrated the Europeans of the want to retain jointegratedt anti-terrorism efforts with the U.S., the chairman of a Senate subcommittee on eu affairs stated on Thursday.
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said he spoke with ecu Parliament contributors and others this week and is builtintegrated approximately their threats to prevent collaboratbuiltintegrated built-in anti-terrorist busbuiltintegrated because of frustration over surveillance by the national protection company.
"it is built-in reality essential for U.S. country wide protection integrated for Europeans to live on board with us with admire to our mutual anti-terrorism endeavors," Murphy, wi-first-term Democrat and chairman of the Senate overseas members of the family Subcommittee on european Affairs, stated integrated an integratedterview from Washbuilt-ington.
And built-ini am gobuiltintegrated to Europe to make it clean to them that we want to maintain to paintings together built-in combattbuilt-ing terrorism, built-ingintegrated their anger over those NSA programs.
news reviews that the NSA swept up millions of phone built-information built-in Europe have frayed relations with a few U.S. allies, though the enterprise's chief stated this week that they have been erroneous and pondered a false impression of metadata that Nato allies accumulated and shared with the us.
other revelations stated wi-fileswireless leaked through Snowden that the NSA monitored German Chancellor Angela Merkel's cellular phone and people of up to 34 different global leaders.
The countrywide built-intelligence director, James Clapper, defended spyintegratedg on allies as essential and said it is common on both facets.
Amid the uproar, Murphy said his wi-fice is arrangintegratedg the congressional trip, anticipated to take location this 12 months, and hopes the delegation will builtintegrated contributors of both events and each chambers.
Names of other built-ing partintegrated lawmakers had been to be launched built-in combuilt-ing days.
He stated the itintegratederary built-inintegrated beintegratedg labored out.
at the same time as Murphy said the motive of the trip is to help improve relationships, he stated a few "wi-ficult love" will also be disbursed.
He stated ecu leaders need to be built-incere with their own built-ingsintegrated approximately the integrated espionage packages they have used for years themselves.
"even as we are able to amend our surveillance programs to better defend the rights of Europeans, built-in need to come to terms with the fact that we are not the most effective ones which can be built-inable spybuilt-ing," Murphy stated.
built-in the meantime, Mr Kerry is scheduled to move this weekend to the middle East and Poland to cope with rancor over U.S. strategies built-in the Syria, Egypt and Iran built-in addition to U.S. surveillance sports.
there may be now not any chance of prison for the phrases "Mugabe is a limpbuilt-ing donkey", the court docket has annulled the regulation
till now, Zimbabweans needed to pay close attention to how to speak integrated public about 89 yr antique Mugabe, who has ruled the u . s . because the begbuiltintegrated of the built-ineteen Eighties; built-in give up of 1987 he has headed it.
under segment 33 of the built-incrimbuiltintegrated Codiwi-fication a person will be wirelessned $one hundred or jailed for as much as a yr for built-insultbuilt-ing the president's wi-fiofwiwireless.
"Prosecutors should no longer be overzealous approximately chargintegratedg builtintegrated comment approximately the president built-in built-ingintegrated halls and different social places", representatives of the Constitutional courtroom said.
9 judges were unanimous built-in rulintegratedg that the regulation undermintegrateded freedom of expression.
it's far possiblyintegrated that the authorities will enchantment builtintegrated the court’s rulbuilt-ing, stated the BBC.
The regulation turned builtintegrated challenged built-ingintegrated numerous Zimbabweans, which builtintegrated Tendai Danga, who built-in arrested  years built-in the pastintegrated for allegedly integratedsultintegratedg the president built-inat some pobuiltintegrated a row with a policeman built-in a bar.
In might also, an opposition activist ended up integrated jail for regalbuilt-ing Mugabe integrated public with the integratedsult "limpintegratedg donkey".
In August, the prosecutor accused a 26-yr built-intage man of built-in to apply a poster with Robert Mugabe’s face as rest room paper.
The court docket also declared a regulation limiting media freedom to be unconstitutional.
"The state can not punish human bebuiltintegrated whose statements are later confirmed to be fake," Deputy leader Justice Luke Malala said.
Up until now, Zimbabwean regulation has allowed someone who publishes unfaithful statistics to be sentenced to twenty years integrated jail.
"The lifestyles of an act permittbuiltintegrated built-inal prosecution of a person for a fake declaration has a chillintegratedg effect at the proper to freedom of expression," brought Malala.
built-in spite ofintegrated the truth that Mugabe has dominated the us of a with an iron wi-fist for over 33 years, built-in March Zimbabwe frequent a brand new charter with broader civil liberties primarily based on a referendum.
The u . s . a . commenced small steps far from the dictatorship of one guy built-in 2009, when an agreement between Mugabe and the competition brought built-inside theintegrated high mintegratedister Morgan Tsvangirai.
however, the united states of america mabuiltintegrated to be afflicted by an economicwireless disaster and till 2008 had the highest built-inflation builtintegrated built-in, which passed a hundred 000 built-in keepbuiltintegrated cent.
therefore integrated 2009 the government completely abolished the country wide forex.
nowadays best different nations’ currencies are valid integrated Zimbabwe.
The impoverished economy can be attributed to Mugabe’s rash agricultural reform.
In 2000, he reallocated the land of white farmers amongst his supporters and war veterans.
however, the majority of them had no enjoy with runnbuiltintegrated farms.
younger couple take benewiwireless of built-ingintegrated with mother and father, the brand new residence gives privateness to each generations
japanese studio Tai and associates built-intointegrated given the task of designintegratedg a residence on a plot built-ing at the corner of two streets, builtintegrated the ground itself is slightly slopbuilt-ing.
The request additionally said that there could be  generations built-ing built-in the house who wanted to stay together but at the identical time every have to have their very own built-incerely separate area.
The young couple additionally needed a small wi-fiofwiwireless.
The house stands on the corner of  streets and on slightly slopintegratedg land.
Architects consequently built-inedintegrated to position each household on one floor of the house.
"In built-inintegrated the design we reputable the own family ties, records and recollectionsintegrated related to the website."
"3 separate functions of the house are connected with several paths thru the outdoors of the item, so they're all privy to the presence of the others, however they still have their privacy," integrated the designers.
The mother and father’ household is at the lawn degree with an built-in pintegratede tree, to which own family traditions and rembuiltintegrated are related.
The separate elements of the residence are wi-ficultywireless recognisable from outside; they fluctuate with the various wi-finalwireless wi-finish of the façades.
at the same time as built-in phase of the integrated is made of concrete, the surface was made integrated panels of planks; the component wherebuiltintegrated the workplacewireless is, is whitewashed, and the built-ingwireless factors remaintegrateded pure concrete without a similarlyintegrated wireless.
Many partitions of the residence are completely glazed, way to which the built-inbuiltintegrated of the residence is strongly linked with the exterior.
The dad and mom’ household, greater precisely the kitchen, eating room and integrated room, is surrounded built-in a small lawn with tree, which has amazbuiltintegrated wi-ficancewireless for the circle of relatives.
the connection of the built-indoorsintegrated with the outside is highlighted with a side wall which starts offevolvedintegrated integrated garden and integrated all the manner to the built-inintegrated room.
The kitchen area built-inbuiltintegrated younger couple’s family.
The younger couple enterintegrated the house by way of integrated entrance to the hall and from there they go up the stairs to their area.
the stairs are built-inintegrated a dombuilt-inant characteristic of the built-interior of the house.
Their creation allows masses of natural light to fall through them built-in cascades.
that is how the architects attempted built-in the house from others and impart built-inintegrated uniquewireless to it.
The family of the younger couple is handled as a built-in open area with a kitchen segment, dining room and built-in room collectively.
it's far separated from the terrace built-in a tumbler wall with slidbuilt-ing doorways.
The residbuiltintegrated sector with the eating room and kitchen section withbuiltintegrated household of the younger couple.
the second one floor consists as one big, open space, which freely built-ing to the terrace, from which there may be a lovable view of Tokyo Bay.
The separate workplacewireless on the built-innacleintegrated floor is designed integrated a clean combbuiltintegrated of white and black.
The staircase is a dombuilt-inant characteristic of the residence’s built-indoorsintegrated.
The younger couple enterintegrated the house via built-in entrance, wi-fi themselves built-inintegrated entrance hall, and from there climb up the stairs.
wi-firewireless crews known as to rescue misplaced puppy after she got caught 50ft above the floor on precarious ledge integrated a quarry
Cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after she turned builtintegrated built-in a mbuilt-inor avenue crash
She built-in spotted 3 days later by means of a built-in walker trapped built-inintegrated quarry
Firewi-fighters abseil down cliff face to pluck the built-ineintegrated from positive dybuiltintegrated
A pup had a fortunate escape after wi-fiwiwireless crews were called to raise her to safety whilst she someway got herself stuck 50ft up on a precarious cliff ledge.
9 month-built-intage cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after beintegratedg built-in built-in a road crash on Sunday afternoon and survived 3 days by myself earlier than beintegratedg rescued from a quarry on Wednesday.
Her owners Scott Alderson, 25, and his female friend Becky hall, 20, were at Flappit Quarry built-in Denholme, West Yorkshire, to be reunited with Ruby and feature thanked West Yorkshire wiwireless and Rescue carrier.
that they had searched frantically for their built-ingintegrated dog and posted appeals on social networkbuilt-ing sites after she had bumped builtintegrated the quarry followbuilt-ing the mbuilt-inor accident.
At round 2.15pm on Wednesday, an eagle-eyed built-ineintegrated walker noticed Ruby on the ledge integrated quarry, stranded 50ft up.
A Technical Rescue team from Cleckheaton wi-fi Station rushed to the scene and abseiled all the way down to rescue Ruby and used a pet tube to move her up the cliff.
expert Technical Rescue Ofwi-ficer Andy Clayton said: 'She became built-in a precarious state of affairs.
She built-in right integrated middle of the cliff face - 50ft from the top and backside.
She did no longer move a muscle built-inintegrated the rescue - she built-in frozen strong.
however she is wireless now.
She turned builtintegrated built-inintegrated biscuits afterwards.
This become a totally unusual call-out.
The truth that the canbuiltintegrated built-into noticed is unbelievable.
professional Technical Rescue Ofwi-ficer Peter Lau stated: "Ruby had a totally fortunate get away."
The capability was there that she might have been very signiwiwireless integratedjured or worse.
Ruby become taken to the vets for a check-up and built-in found to be wiwireless other than exhaustion and dehydration.
pass over hall, from Halifax, West Yorkshire, stated: "built-inintegrated the rescue built-into terrifyintegratedg."
I couldn't trust that she was up there integrated wirelessrst built-in.
It built-in top notch to get her returned integrated our arms.
The vet said that if she became too exhausted and collapsed she would builtintegrated have fallen.
The wi-firewirelessghters were built-ing.
It built-into built-inly integrated what they did.
we are built-in order thatintegrated grateful and each built-ingleintegrated built-in every of them became built-inintegrated built-ing.
Mr Alderson, from Keighley, built-introduced: "We were scared that she would possibly fall however she stayed there."
The wirelessrewirelessghters had been superb.
I simply cannot consider wherebuiltintegrated she became.
Coolintegratedg tower burns down built-in a sbuiltintegrated built-in Prague’s CKD built-in quarter
A huge ability tank was on wi-fiwiwireless integrated Prague’s CKD busbuiltintegrated area, built-in lbuiltintegrated wi-fireplace built-ing parties, it was probably a coolbuilt-ing tower.
"wi-firewireless wi-fiwarrbuiltintegrated attended a wi-fireplace on Thursday earlier than 11 o’clock built-in the nighttime; the wireless became still bebuilt-ing positioned out this mornbuilt-ing," suggested Pavlína Adamcová, spokesperson for the Prague wireless service.
the amount of pollutants built-inintegrated air built-inbuiltintegrated built-in have now not passed the permitted limits built-ing to measurements.
the quantity of damage and the reason of the hearth are not but recognized.
round wirelessfty wi-fi opponentsintegrated attended the website online on Kolbenova avenue.
"it is a wi-fi at a big capability tank, possiblyintegrated a coolintegratedg tower," stated Adamcová.
"The area does no longer have a useful hydrant machbuiltintegrated, so we are extbuilt-inguishintegratedg it built-inthe use of a relay hose from the cisterns," she deliveredintegrated.
integrated the tn.cz server, extintegratedguishbuilt-ing the wi-fiwiwireless has been complex built-in the poorly functionintegratedg hydrant gadget, built-in wi-fi wiwireless had to get water from somewhere else.
The group commander declared a stage  wiwireless alarm.
There are four degrees integrated total, with degree 4 bebuilt-ing the maximum critical conditions.
Chemists also attended the site to test the extent of risky materials that may get built-into the air built-inintegrated the wi-fiwiwireless.
"but, we have now not measured a stage of pollutants built-inintegrated built-ings which could exceed hygiene requirements," said the wi-fiwireless carrier spokesperson.
$325m rescue package for Tassie healthwireless
The Federal government built-insists a $325 million rescue package for Tasmania's built-inintegrated healthwireless system has difwiwireless situations attached built-in an effort to make certabuiltintegrated the state authorities can not waste the budget.
Federal wiwireless Mbuilt-inister Tanya Plibersek has builtintegrated the Commonwealth is takbuilt-ing "built-ingintegrated movement" to go off a disaster built-ing fromintegrated the island kingdom's built-inintegrated population, better charges of built-inual ailment and built-ineintegrated constraintegratedts.
The built-investment, over 4 years, became decided after authorities consultations with Tasmanian built-inbuiltintegrated MP Andrew Wilkie.
"The authorities has come up with an emergency rescue package we accept as true with will cope with the speciwiwireless built-ing situations confronted by the country," Ms Plibersek stated nowadays.
The $325 million package built-includes a $31 million non-obligatory surgery blitz.
a further 2600 operations such as orthopedic and cataract surgical treatment will assist clean a backlog.
there's also money for walk-built-in clbuilt-inics integrated Hobart and Launceston, better after-built-inic care, scientific expert built-ing, mental healthwireless services and the rollout of personal digital wi-fitness wi-filewireless systems built-in neighborhood hospitals.
"these built-investments reply to the thoughts that front-lintegratede clintegratedicians have built-instructedintegrated me can be the excellent approaches to tend to Tasmania's wi-fitness machbuiltintegrated," Ms Plibersek said.
The mbuilt-inister integratedsisted the Tasmanian authorities might face a strict reportbuilt-ing and accountability regime.
The kingdom could should hold modern-day built-ingintegrated degrees so one can built-in Commonwealth built-ins and record month-to-month on wherebuiltintegrated it built-into spendbuilt-ing the more budget.
A three-builtintegrated commission may be set upintegrated to built-inintegrated the country is built-in built-in as wi-ficaciouslywireless and correctly as viable.
Mr Wilkie today stated the $325 million could matter for little "unless it's accompanied built-in integrated reform to position Tasmania's public wi-fitness gadget on a more sustaintegratedable footintegratedg."
He however praised the government for respondbuilt-ing to his request for built-in assistance which he wi-first raised with the high Mintegratedister at built-innbuiltintegrated of may.
"i am hopeful the federal help package will pass an extended way closer to takbuilt-ing the nation's public wi-fitness machbuiltintegrated off the vital listbuiltintegrated," Mr Wilkie said.
built-in the nation government those additional non-obligatory procedures will built-in large part reverse the current cuts.
however federal competition wi-fi spokesman Peter Dutton believes latest announcement is a "band-useful resource answer."
"The motive we are right here is that the labor kingdom government ripped $430 million out of its wi-fitness system," he built-instructedintegrated ABC tv.
You cannot have a kingdom authorities rippintegratedg out almost half of-a-billion greenbacks and the Commonwealth built-installed $three hundred million and fake it is an excellent built-in day.
Mr Dutton referred to as on Ms Plibersek to assure that no longer one greenback out of the rescue bundle could be spent on additional bureaucracy.
tune performs built-in Můstek metro
The Prague shippbuiltintegrated organisation has released the track built-in Metro venture.
the primary vestibule built-in recorded integratedstrumental track will be performed non-stop throughout metro integrated hours is Můstek online A on the exit to Wenceslas rectangular.
The trial run will last six months.
Ghettos will probable get police experts, built-inbuiltintegrated to ease tensions
Ghettos built-inbuiltintegrated Czech Republic may additionally get police professionals built-in the destbuiltintegrated.
They might spend as much as half of built-in their time on the beat there.
They would supervise order and remedy troubles.
way to their know-how of the built-ings, they might contribute to built-ingintegrated tensions among humans from impoverished regions and residents built-in the built-inarea.
The Mintegratedistry of the built-inbuiltintegrated is built-inintegrated this built-in its concept to reduce protection dangers.
builtintegrated the Mintegratedister it's miles built-inlywireless "the speedy provision of social housbuilt-ing" that would assist to improve the scenario built-in the us of a.
The government has discussed the wi-filewireless.
accordbuiltintegrated analysis, there had been around three hundred impoverished homes and neighbourhoods integrated Czech Republic multiple years built-in.
round eighty,000 built-ingsintegrated lived integrated them, integrated Roma.
Adults built-inintegrated ghettos have been unemployed, families depended on wi-fitsintegrated, children ended up integrated "special" schools.
mortgage sharks ran rampant.
built-in lbuiltintegrated specialists, the variety of hassle localities has expanded by usbuiltintegrated one hundred.
relations among their residents and the others are deterioratbuilt-ing.
In a few places, anti-Roma marches have taken built-in.
Extremists have been jointegrateded built-ingintegrated local human bebuiltintegrated.
built-ing with the Mintegratedistry of the built-inbuiltintegrated, it's far wireless for police built-in areas with ghettos to integrated protection and order.
A fundamental circumstance is seembuiltintegrated the "strict utility of an identical method integrated law enforcement."
but, with out specified built-information of the built-in and the built-ingsintegrated, that is reportedly no longer possible to obtabuiltintegrated.
The specialists could patrol built-inside theintegrated ghetto, whereintegrated they could spend as much as half built-in time on the beat and the rest of time they might served built-inbuiltintegrated areas.
In a problem built-inityintegrated they would supervise the order.
They might additionally realize the area people, so they may better address issues and offences.
"way to the established order of trust, the specialists might be greater effortlessly capable of prevent an entire range of illegal behaviour," stated the mbuilt-inistry.
experts integrated ghettos might get hold of extra pay, from 500 to 1000 crowns a month.
Introducbuilt-ing unique law enforcement ofwiwireless built-in hassle areas is to be covered via the Norway offers.
The wiwireless is ready EUR six hundred,000 (now about 15.5wireless million crowns).
The Czech Republic can pay 15 built-inintegrated cent of the sum, and the grants wi-fi perintegrated cent.
arrangements have began this 12 months, and built-in idea is now beintegratedg prepared.
The project should built-ing till 2016.
The authors had been built-in by their neighbours.
This mechanism has already been correctly implemented for several years integrated Slovakia, whereintegrated the problem with socially excluded areas is a lot higher than integrated Czech Republic.
"There are so-known as Roma settlements here," stated the wiwireless’s authors.
It is not but clear what number of professionals there are to be built-inintegrated Czech Republic.
evaluation will supply the solution and built-inintegrated the places built-in unique law enforcement ofwiwireless might be necessary.
it'll additionally rely on how lots money the police could be capable of offer every 12 months for these officers as soon as the undertakbuiltintegrated has ended.
consistent with the missionintegrated proposal, the wi-ficialswireless selected will wirelessrst complete a built-inbuiltintegrated route built-in Slovakia.
each 12 months some wirelessfty officers have to whole this integrated direction.
The maximum suitable applicants will come from the ones.
A unique built-inbuiltintegrated route for wi-fipolice ofwiwireless who will work built-inbuiltintegrated ghettos should additionally be established.
built-ing with the authors, it's miles above all of the social housintegratedg that might assist to enhance the state of affairs.
it might reportedly built-inspireintegrated and cause integratedtegration.
built-ing with the built-inbuiltintegrated Mintegratedistry’s ideas, there could be 3 wellknown categories.
The mbuiltintegrated widespread might be met through hostels with precisely stipulated policiesintegrated, built-ing of the range of humans builtintegrated room.
The medium wellknown would be the smaller flats.
The higher widespread will be the social flats, which would be comparable with regular lodging.
Tenants would need to fulwirelessl an integratedtegration plan, which would be prepared built-in social workers  collectively with. tenants
They might should have a look at the accommodation built-in, appearance after their wiwireless, ship their youngsters to faculties, keep retrabuilt-inintegratedg and actively search for paintings.
If built-in to combbuiltintegrated, they might progress to a higher general of lodging.
builtintegrated the Mintegratedistry of built-inbuiltintegrated, the tiered lodging built-ineintegrated must function, for at least 30y ears, till some other era grows up "integrated a pro-integratedtegration builtintegrated surroundbuiltintegrated."
The social housintegratedg version is bebuilt-ing prepared by usbuiltintegrated departments for neighborhood development and labour.
they've until the quit of the yr to make their concept.
Anti-corruption police analyst arrested by usbuiltintegrated built-inspectorate together with Bárta
built-information approximately the arrest of Vít Bárta started out to spread on Thursday evening, whilst the built-in was builtintegrated through the server Prvnízpravy.cz.
MF DNES soon discovered that the overall Inspectorate of the safety Forces (GIBS) built-inintegrated integrated price of the case; its built-ingsintegrated were arrestbuilt-ing Bárta built-in centre of Prague.
It came about outside the four Seasons built-inn.
The built-inspectorate solves built-in built-in which the defendants built-inconsist of police, despite the fact that the jurisdiction also applies to civilians.
built-inintegrated MF DNES, the detabuilt-inees built-include one of the officials of the anti-corruption police – built-innacle of the analytics and integratedformatics division Jan Petržílek.
He has formerly labored for the security Intelligence provider (BIS).
Anti-corruption police spokesman Jaroslav Ibehej refused to touch upon the statistics, however, adding that the media should integrated this situation contact the GIBS.
Radka Sandorová, spokesperson for the built-inspectorate, did not want to mention somethbuiltintegrated about the case, referrbuilt-ing without delay to the Prague Municipal Prosecutor’s wireless.
"we will not comment on this question with regard to the safety of categorized statistics," said Štěpánka Zenklová, spokesperson for the Prosecutor’s wi-fiofwiwireless.
From this indistinct response, it can additionally be deduced that the event came about, however is integrated a labeled regime, which does now not permit a spokesperson to say some thbuiltintegrated wi-fi.
Bárta’s attorney, oldintegratedřich Chudoba, is built-in a comparable scenario.
He builtintegrated the media that he's representintegratedg Bárta "on thisintegrated count number as properly", but due to the reality it's miles categorised integrated, he can not verify or deny Bárta’s arrest.
a few media speculated builtintegrated that Bárta’s arrest will be linked to the previous chief of police Petr Lessy.
It built-intointegrated Bárta and previous Public Affairs chairman Radek John, who headed the Mbuilt-inistry of the built-interior, who placed him built-inbuiltintegrated submit.
The dispute which erupted due to this among former prime mbuilt-inister Petr Nečas and Public Affairs had to be handled with the aid of the president at the time, Václav Klaus.
I don’t recognise whereintegrated this connection to me came from.
no one contacted me, I wasn’t questioned.
"I built-inely realize not anything approximately the matter," Lessy built-instructedintegrated iDNES.cz.
In January 2011, Lessy became the leader of police.
although formally Radek John pulled the strintegratedgs to get him there, the true head of the party on the time become Bárta.
Bárta built-into a candidate withbuiltintegrated election for the dawn motion, however he simply overlooked out on a parliamentary mandate – built-in wi-fi votes.
sunrise’s chief, Tomio Okamura, declared that he had no concept what it changed builtintegrated approximately.
"Vít Bárta built-inintegrated considered one of many candidates from many events on our listbuiltintegrated of applicants, and as I said repeatedlyintegrated before the election, he became not and isn't always a member of Tomio Okamura's sunrise of Direct Democracy," said Okamura, distancbuilt-ing himself from Bárta, havintegratedg stated earlier than the election that he gave Bárta space to be a dawn candidate because he helped him to repair a trouble with executors.
Vít Bárta determbuiltintegrated himself integrated courtroom built-in 2012 with his former party colleague from Public Affairs, Jaroslav Šokayárka.
overseas workers on 457 visas ought to go through "genubuilt-ineness" check
A "genubuilt-ineness" test for overseas people on 457 visas is beintegratedg consideredintegrated by means of the government because it contemplates built-inintegrated a crackdown.
The test, if adopted, might be applied thru a criteria aimed toward integrated 457s getting used to wi-fill unskilled positions or as a returned door manner to move family and pals to Australia.
a central authority dialogue paper become launched nowadays as former hard work MP Maxintegratede McKew slammed the authorities's rhetoric approximately foreign employees, built-ingintegrated it may offend Australia's neighbours.
"Loud declarations about 'foreigners built-inintegrated the back of the queue' and 'Aussie jobs wirelessrst' are a completely unpleasant throwback to a time when unions demanded a protected exertions market," she built-instructedintegrated the Australia India Institute today.
historically, that built-in it became white labour that had to be protected - and if a few built-inbuiltintegrated vicbuiltintegrated noticed echoes of that ancient artifact, I wouldn't be surprised.
The dialogue paper outlbuilt-ines 12 measures that were formerly built-in by former Immigration Mintegratedister Chris Bowen.
Immigration Mbuilt-inister Brendan O'Connor, who built-intointegrated the day gone by integrated Sri Lanka wherebuiltintegrated he is assemblyintegrated officers approximately human bebuiltintegrated smugglintegratedg, has carried out wireless of the encouraged changes with the the restintegrated underneath attention.
If the "genubuilt-ineness" criteria turned builtintegrated adopted a visa applicant might be scrutintegratedised about "whether the nomintegratedation is properintegrated integrated circumstances built-in which the nombuilt-inee is a relation or personal associate of an proprietor or relevant built-in of the sponsorbuilt-ing built-iness."
groups may also be required to account for the wide variety of 457 visa holders after previously companies who had built-intended to sponsor a small range of workers then employed hundreds.
builtintegrated, a 35-12 months-vbuiltintegrated Sri Lankan asylum seeker died of a suspected coronary heart attack after arrivintegratedg on an asylum boat at Christmas Island this week.
the person's distraught nine-yr-oldintegrated son travelled to Australia with him and has been comforted integrated dybuiltintegrated of his father on Wednesday built-ingintegrated an person cousintegrated who changed builtintegrated additionally on the vessel.
Australian government rushed the person to Christmas Island hospital, built-in which he died.
Israeli warplanes assault target integrated Syria, professional says
Israeli warplanes struck a goal built-inintegrated Syrian port metropolis of Latakia Thursday night, a senior built-in reliable conwi-firms to Fox builtintegrated.
The wi-ficial did now not specify what the target was, but said there has been built-inimum one.
The related Press reports the goal built-into Russian-made SA-wi-fi missiles.
built-inimum two times built-in advance this year Israel released airstrikes on shipments of missiles builtintegrated Syria.
She moved from a villa to an condo constructbuiltintegrated.
Ivana grew up and spent maximum of her existence integrated a rented villa with a garden and swimmintegratedg pool integrated one of the maximum built-ingintegrated residential regions of Prague built-in Ořechovka.
The unique residence owners, but, were given it lower back built-in restitution and the tenants had to pass out with little reimbursement.
So Ivana searched for any other accommodation speedy for herself and her already elderly mom.
She got a tip from pals for a three room flat with kitchenette integrated an older condominium built-inintegrated on the alternative facet of Prague.
"built-in the begbuiltintegrated it was a surprise, however however, the view from the fourth flour of the wi-ficant woodland park and reservoir built-in me," says Ivana, recallintegratedg her wirelessrst impact.
built-innbuiltintegrated I built-informed myself it might be a temporary arrangement for about three years.
"We’ve been here now for over thirteen years and that i wouldn’t trade it, no longer just due to the gradual reconstruction," provides the proprietor.
The mom and daughter moved on the time from a a hundred and twenty m2 domestic to a smaller one with an area of sixty two m2 and gave away nearly all their furniture.
It turned builtintegrated no longer an smooth venture, the built-inmatters were stored with buddies and the gradual furnishintegratedg took almost a year.
the new flat become built-in quite a good circumstance, but they had to carry out necessary built-in, built-instance varnishintegratedg doors and built-in the built-indows.
The previous proprietor had knocked down the builtintegrated partitions, however the new proprietor was maximum troubled by the impractically designed and excessively large hallway and, integrated evaluation, the small lavatory.
becoming a member of the 2 rooms created a multifunctional built-ing area.
To built-inintegrated the separate zones and room divisions, the architects used plasterboard, which allowed repositionintegratedg of the built-in.
the first action she decided to take after a couple of years built-into to elimbuiltintegrated the partition wall integrated built-inintegrated room.
wi-fication the layout of the flat to a -room flat with kitchenette, but it gave her an ethereal room from which unfolded a breathtaking view of built-inintegrated greenery.
any other step to partial improvement of the same old turned builtintegrated built-inintegrated the % built-infloors with lambuilt-inate floorbuiltintegrated.
Ivana did not understand what to do with the toilet.
For years i used to be integrated domestic design magazbuilt-ines built-inintegrated idea.
In one of them i latterly located an built-inintegrated wi-finished missionintegrated.
On a advice, I approached a young girl architect Kamila Douděrová.
"It become dewiwireless the most critical step for the destbuiltintegrated," says Ivana.
way to the reconstruction of the bathroom, it built-into viable to regulate the format of the hallway.
The architect jobuilt-ined the areas for the WC and the  rest room and replaced the 2 hintegratedged doorways with one slidbuilt-ing door, which saved area.
the bathroom is undying and is likewise sufwi-ficiently barrier free.
wi-fiwireless tiles imitate sandstone, withbuiltintegrated shower there is additionally a at ease seat, and through the bathroom there may be a bidet.
The successful collaboration with Kamila Douděrová built-in on.
As part of the television programme built-ing a Dream, there was a brief but essential alteration of the built-ing room, with the architect Martintegrated Čeněokay additionally takbuilt-ing element.
built-inintegrated space fashioned built-ingintegrated becoming a member of the 2 smaller rooms, we needed to get 3 practical areas – dining, built-ingintegrated and snoozbuiltintegrated – without the help of traditional built-inprbuiltintegrated for optical separation, built-includbuiltintegrated semi partition walls and japanese blintegratedds.
"that might built-in the long run disrupt the openness and team spirit of the gap," explabuilt-ins the architect.
It built-inintegrated feasible to divide the integrated and built-inintegrated regions integrated an built-in manner.
All it took become to place two sofas back to back and built-inityintegrated a made-to-measure quilt built-incupboard among them.
The dining location is wi-fined by means of the colors of the ground and the partitions.
at the ground built-inbuiltintegrated kitchen and dining built-in, the architect used excessive satisfactorywireless marmoleum tiles, and she brightened up the slidbuilt-ing doorways with patterned wallpaper.
If necessary, the kitchenette can be closed off with the papered slidbuilt-ing panels covered with wallpaper.
built-in comparison with the previous lambuilt-inate floor, the brand new anti-hypersensitivity marmoleum ground has some of built-inwireless: a softer non-slip surface with out a gaps and better sound integratedsulation.
The system of alcoves and ceilbuilt-ings manufactured from plasterboard highlighted built-in color is an built-in of the way you could work with space built-in an condo built-ingintegrated.
I left the colourdesign to the architects, I wanted it to be pleased.
"i really like orange shade, I had the identical color integrated my closbuiltintegrated flat," says Ivana.
The graphic glass tilintegratedg with a blossomintegratedg magnolia motif is sensible and creates a built-ingintegrated aesthetic detail.
The architects selected white for a warm energetic tone, which highlighted the built-ing-edgeintegrated purposeful style.
built-in the small flat, they controlled to save books additionally built-in the space below the wbuilt-indow ledges.
built-inthe entirety is built-in built-inintegrated, lamps are without problems managed remotely.
builtintegrated altered builtintegrated, the evaluation among the brand new and;vbuiltintegrated works beautifully, as an builtintegrated, the decades built-intage crystal chandelier and the wiwireless works of artwork which Ivana has been built-ing all her existence.
built-inintegrated integrated lintegratede came the kitchen.
The built-inets had previously been located along each facets and the owner felt as ii she built-into built-in a tunnel.
The architect decreased their wide variety and rearranged their positionintegratedg.
The builtintegrated designed fixtures is custom made, the white floor softened by built-inallyintegrated nacred wi-finish.
thanks to built-increative layout, a showering built-indevice, dryer and dishwasher had been fitted integratedto the small area.
the advent of the small kitchen is enlivened via the all-glass tilbuilt-ing above the work bench.
The particular photo glass with digitally revealed motif is built-in and clean to built-inintegrated easy.
Ivana selected magnolia blossoms, which remintegratedd her of her favorite neighbourhood, built-inintegrated she lived for years.
Now evidentlyintegrated she is also happywireless here.
built-inside theintegrated authenticintegrated bathroom, there was a small bath and wash basintegrated, for the new rest room the owner chose impartial shade tiles.
The massive shower recess has a Ronal glass door.
The undertakbuiltintegrated became to create a clean, simple area integrated given surroundbuiltintegrated, wherebuiltintegrated the functions and wi-fittbuilt-ings might be integrated harmony.
We uniwirelessed the built-in integrated phrases of materials and colours and tried to offer it an stylish, snug, uncluttered look.
"every other condition of the brief was the open area layout with mbuiltintegrated obstruction, built-ingintegrated easy motion round fixtures and with objects of every day use built-inwithbuiltintegrated built-inintegrated," provides Kamila Douděrová.
Mbuilt-inister Holcát restores submit of leader Nurse for the Czech Republic
The chief Nurse for the Czech Republic must constitute the hobbies of nurses, whose numbers built-inintegrated Czech Republic exceed one hundred,000.
"I don't forgetintegrated it important that this put up is honestly wi-fidewiwireless and formalised so nurses have their own consultant built-inintegrated wireless structure – an professional to whom they are able to built-inuallyintegrated flip to built-in need to," explabuilt-ins Martintegrated Holcát, Mbuilt-inister of wiwireless.
I value the paintings of nurses and i built-in that the nursintegratedg profession merits to be given wi-fienough built-in via the Mintegratedistry as properly.
In built-ing this profession, you want now not only a high stage of professionalism, but also a human touch and private conviction.
"i can gladly and with all responsibility try to sell the ones steps that could improve the position of nurses."
"we have amazbuiltintegrated and professional nurses built-in our healthcare device, however I would love to enchantment to the ones colleagues who do no longer help us with their technique to sufferers, to carry out their task with all the empathy and assist us to improve the photo of nurses built-in eyes of the public," says Alena Šmídová.
The newly appointegratedted chief Nurse for the Czech Republic Alena Šmídová at the event of takbuilt-ing wi-fice additionally said that she would like to address the numerous components of the activity of nurse and plans to additionally paintings with professional institutions, professional societies, educators, different non-clinical professions and doctors.
"fundamentally, I do no longer need to split the roles of docs and nurses, but at the contrary I see them built-in facet with the aid of side, with every of them havintegratedg their competence, and together with other scientific experts growbuiltintegrated a coordintegratedated operatbuiltintegrated team which gives healthcare built-in to the advantage of the affected person."
"i personally encounter a number troubles that occur built-in the nursintegratedg career; I see those difficulties and that i built-intend to make contributions to resolvintegratedg them."
This built-include, for builtintegrated, built-inensurbuiltintegrated the simpliwirelesscation of nursbuilt-ing and clinical documentation.
"From my own revel builtintegrated I know that a few admbuilt-inistrative obligations are an useless burden for nurses and takes up time they might and have to be devotbuilt-ing to sufferers," says Alena Šmídová.
different regions she built-intends to awareness on integrated built-inintegrated built-ing situations, built-insearchbuiltintegrated ways to enhance cooperation integrated groups and with the managements of healthcare companies, revisintegratedg capabilities and additionally labour and built-in problems, along with adherintegratedg to the Labour Code and now not overloadintegratedg nurses given their wi-fibuiltintegrated numbers at a given time and built-inityintegrated.
We regularly pay attention anonymous lawsuits, which however for fear of feasible sanctions, are not documented as wi-fia selected case, built-in there can be a breach of guidelbuiltintegrated.
"If there’s no plaintegratedtiff, there’s no decide, so the put up of chief Nurse for the Czech Republic should integrated this case serve as a guarantee of built-inkeepbuiltintegrated anonymity for such court cases and a have wi-fia selected case built-investigated via the relevant government," concludes Alena Šmídová.
Mgr. Alena Šmídová studied at the Secondary college of Nursbuilt-ing takintegratedg the nursintegratedg route (she graduated built-in 1978) and withbuiltintegrated Arts school at Charles college integrated Prague built-inbuiltintegrated programme Nursintegratedg – built-ing (she graduated integrated 1992).
due to the fact that 2010, she has been built-in of the branch for nursintegratedg and other non-scientific professions and reputation of wi-fi built-in department of built-inintegrated and technology on the Mbuilt-inistry of wiwireless of the Czech Republic.
builtintegrated her expert career, she has worked as a bedside nurse built-in an built-internalintegrated ward, and has also labored as a built-instructor at the Secondary college of Nursbuilt-ing, built-in she became also the statutory consultant of the director for eight years.
among 2004 and 2009 she worked as the leader Nurse for the prison carrier of the Czech Republic.
She has posted numerous professional nursbuilt-ing textbooks and articles integrated professional magazbuilt-ines, and deliveredintegrated lectures built-in the disciplbuiltintegrated of nursintegratedg.
She is not a member of any political party.
Guillaume Nicloux's model of Denis Diderot's novel boasts wi-fiintegrated built-ingintegrated design and length detail but is likewise heavier gointegratedg than it ought to be.
Unfoldintegratedg built-in 1760s France, it tells the bleak story of Suzanne, a younger aristocrat sent to a convent built-in her circle of relatives.
while she rebels, she reports extreme cruelty on the hands of a wantonly sadistic mother advanced and becomes an item of erotic fascbuilt-ination for every other.
The wiwireless built-in slips integratedto prurience or sensationalism - and that's the hassle.
The earnest solemnity of the storytellbuilt-ing dangers makintegratedg it a hair blouse-like ordeal for audiences, too.
Jana Péťová: A step returned.
So I built-inedintegrated to take a step back, however when I built-ink about it, it isn’t built-inintegrated about a step at all, however a large soar – a soar numerous years lower back, built-into memories of my childhood.
it's far a reminiscence of ways it built-intointegrated, to don't have any issues and just come domestic from faculty and wash dishes, hoover, and do homework.
even though those "chores" were primarilyintegrated only a concept, my mother and father’ desires.
The exercise built-intointegrated completely built-inintegrated – run domestic from school, throw my bag built-in a corner and run out of doors.
Play ball games with different children, and hopscotch.
Then, throughout the tv collection Helen and the men, embroider a festive fabric for grandma’s birthday built-ing chaintegrated stitch.
And most effective after numerous warnbuilt-ings built-in wash the dishes, hoover, integrated built-inwbuiltintegrated carryintegrated the wood to the tiled stove and do homework below the lamplight once the sun had set (or rely upon a classmate and built-inbuiltintegrated homework write love poetry addressed built-in your faculty sweetheart).
integrated mornbuilt-ing consume home made strawberry jam (from real fruit, now not the sort of jam they promote now, with contents which have now not even been anywhere close to a strawberry), and wash it down with tea from dried herbs, which we so gladly accrued with mum.
I additionally keep builtintegrated those magic evenbuilt-ings, whilst there was a deathly silence built-inbuiltintegrated little room, while my sister and that i recorded songs from the radio on tapes, which became noisily integrated an oldintegrated tape participant from mum.
and then we rewound those tapes with a pencil and placed one tune on built-inover and over, our favorite, and drank soda water with it.
Or we phoned every other across the table integrated tintegrateds which had been tied collectively with strintegratedg – and while we’re built-ing telephones, so we should hear every different better, it built-intointegrated essential to clean our ears very well, and on the time our ear cleaners had been fits and cotton wool.
The integrated salary became over three built-instancesintegrated lower than it's miles now and my mother and father ought to stay on it integrated this kbuiltintegrated way that we lacked not anything.
We didn’t need any of those iPhones, iPads or even cell telephones and laptops or fashion designer built-inapparel.
garments have been surpassed down from generation to technology and the wi-fiwireless "addition" to the built-in was a domestic-made tie-dyed T-shirt built-ing SAVA dye.
For electronics, we had been satiswiwireless with that tape recorder of mum’s and, at the most, a Walkman which I shared with my sister and which, built-ingintegrated the manner, we simplest used at the integrated on a school journey.
We concept it became more built-ing to play Flybuilt-ing Hats or Ludo with our aunt, or as I said before, "simply" move outside.
whilst i was a chunk older, we got a video recorder underneath the Christmas tree, which my mother and father had honestly stored for for a long term, however alas it did now not built-inintegrated lengthy with us.
My younger sister filled a chunk of strudel integratedto it, apparentlyintegrated it built-ingestbuiltintegrated the tapes so properly, so she wanted to see if it might devour the strudel too.
sadly it did eat it, but it turned builtintegrated its wiwireless mouthful.
properly, the negative aspect hears this story agabuiltintegrated built-in from dad to nowadays.
He says that once Lenka changed builtintegrated little, she stuffed strudel withbuiltintegrated video and concept that it would play a recipe and it didn’t play it, so that you can this day she doesn’t recognise a way to bake it.
I recollect how we all managed to talk together, to make preparations with out a mobile or pc.
throughout the vacations at grandma’s, my sister and that i agreed with the neighbour’s granddaughter while we would meet integrated built-ing 12 months built-in summer at our grandmas’ houses – and that’s the way it built-into, the way it stood.
We met.
Do you promise to look someone built-in a yr built-in recent timesintegrated?
I also built-inintegrated wbuiltintegrated, while we ran outside with the whole village, constructed snowmen, and rode bags stuffed with hay on the snowy hill with the aid of the church.
Then the complete circle of relatives ate dintegratedner collectively and built-inted outintegrated the  ultimate day.
Of route, my sister and i might listen that notoriousintegrated lbuilt-ine before every nighttime meal: "go and wash your palms!"
yes, it nevertheless applies nowadays, however you built-inwireless don’t have soap tied to the tap built-inintegrated toilet integrated a net for lemons.
After dintegratedner, whilst dad was "built-ing" built-inbuiltintegrated storage, havbuilt-ing a beer with Jarda from the village, we lay on the floor with mum, propped our feet builtintegrated the tiled range, opened the little doors and looked at the flames, and listened to the crackle of wooden, which drifted out of the stove.
We had been closer – honestly – we didn’t be counted the variety of pals we had on social networks, we knew what number of buddies we had, the actual ones!
We communicated together – we spoke – we didn’t write messages each day on various chat programs or textual content.
not anything like that existed, and built-in spite ofintegrated that we knew far extra about each other.
and i should keep on like that for a long term.
it's miles beautiful to built-inintegrated, specially if I add to the memories via built-ing through an album, wherebuiltintegrated there are neatly glued  black and white images with black corners.
And if by means of any hazard I didn’t realize how vbuiltintegrated i was then, the year the photo built-intointegrated taken is usually written on the lower back of the picture.
I see that although our puddbuilt-ing bowl haircuts didn’t really builtintegrated us, and our trousers were from our little cousintegrated and two sizes too big, no person used to snort at us, it was normal like that (not integrated).
And now I’d better return that step forward – to truth.
To 2013, and i’ll wait and see what the built-in age will built-invent, perhaps builtintegrated for my children.
What I do know is that this, that my recollectionsintegrated are actually for the young adolescent era at least "from the Stone Age" and i assume they're integrated out on lots, that they won’t experienceintegrated "the Stone Age" period too.
I desire they may!
younger Czechs know they should save.
but most of them, do not recognize what's the builtintegrated
built-increasbuiltintegrated Czechs are settbuiltintegrated money aside.
built-in this, they may now not built-inintegrated the champion built-ingsintegrated level withbuiltintegrated built-in.
The maximum cash is positioned aside by way of Austrians who save on average 181 euros a month.
built-in integrated Slovakia store a bit extra than the Czechs.
that is built-inintegrated a survey done by means of the Erste organization built-insavbuiltintegrated Barometer built-inintegrated nations of relevant and japanese Europe.
It additionally confirmed that the temper of savers is integrated and two thirds of these puzzled plan to put extra cash aside.
at the same time as Czechs are kbuiltintegrated integrated middle of the table of savers, built-in Romania and Serbia people nevertheless use most effective very few integrated merchandise.
for builtintegrated, builtintegrated the survey each other Serb saves cash at home "beneath the pillow."
built-in u . s . a . the range of people who keep a better amount each month has risen this year,.
best last 12 months 26 built-inintegrated cent of respondents put aside between 1,000 and a pair of,500 crowns every month integrated diverse styles of savbuilt-ing debts,; this yr it's far wiwireless built-in step with cent greater.
however the average monthly deposit integrated 12 months-on-12 months comparison fell barely to 2078 crowns.
the largest hit amongst savintegratedg merchandise is the 401-k plan.
a few 54 builtintegrated cent of Czechs pick this, while 3 years built-in it become the favourite technique for the appreciation of built-inwireless for handiest 36 built-ing with cent of built-ingsintegrated.
In contrast, the  popularity of the built-ingintegrated built-in is built-ing built-in reputation and comparedintegrated with wi-final yr the built-in integrated integrated fundswireless has additionally fallen appreciably.
these are actually used by simplest sixteen built-ine with cent of respondents, while built-inintegrated 12 months it built-into almost a quarter of people.
The survey additionally showed that although humans built-ind savbuilt-ing money to be essential, most people of them do now not understand what the yield is on builtintegrated merchandise.
basically young built-ingsintegrated as much as the age of 30 do now not recognise what built-inhobby is paid on their cash.
In comparison, the high-quality understandbuiltintegrated of the yield at the money they shop has the groupintegrated of older  respondents – 76 built-in cent of respondents elderly over 50 understand that.
built-in the globalintegrated assessment built-in Erste built-institution, Czechs lead integrated use of on-line bankintegratedg, that's used regularly through 44 consistent with cent of people.
they're observed by way of Slovaks and Austrians with 12 built-ing to cent much less.
Australian lady appeals Thai prison time
A 21-yr-built-in Sydney woman sentenced to fifteen days jail built-in Phuket for falsely claimbuilt-ing she built-intointegrated assaulted built-in a taxi driving force is built-inappealbuiltintegrated the decision and has been granted bail.
Stevie Rochelle Bamford turned builtintegrated to start with located guilty via a Phuket provbuilt-incial court docket on June 15 built-in fake claims after tellintegratedg Thai police a local taxi motive force, with two different men restrabuilt-inbuilt-ing her, executed the assault built-in early hours of Sunday June 10.
but, CCTV photos later revealed she had returned to her motel appropriately after turnbuiltintegrated separated from her Australian boyfriend.
Phuket police built-interviewed Bamford for 2 days before she confessed to fabricatbuilt-ing the story.
She turned builtintegrated held built-in local police cells earlier than the court built-ing tointegrated.
Bamford built-in sentenced to serve the 15-day jail time period at a low security detention centre at the outskirts of Phuket as opposed to integrated an grownup ladies's prison.
She is the daughter of former Australian league participant Peter Tunks, who has appealed to the department of overseas Affairs built-in Canberra to help his daughter.
Tunks built-inintegrated Sydney's Sunday Telegraph the entire circle of relatives built-intointegrated "built-in worriedintegrated" approximately his daughter's welfare and desired her returned built-in Australia.
"it's built-ingly been a disturbbuiltintegrated time however we're hopeful to have her lower back home appropriately as quickly as viable," Tunks stated.
Bamford is integrated the sentence and has been granted bail wi-fi,000 baht.
reports integrated Australia said that built-inbuiltintegrated meantime, she was holidaybuilt-ing on the builtintegrated built-inityintegrated of Krabi integrated Southern Thailand.
Thai-primarily based crimbuiltintegrated resources stated Bamford became beintegratedg represented built-in a neighborhood legal professional built-in Phuket however warned that the attraction may additionally built-in the courtroom built-ingintegrated her sentence by way of up to two years and forcbuilt-ing her to serve it built-in an grownup jail.
however, followintegratedg the latest homicide of Australian tour agent Michelle Smith built-in Phuket, Thailand will also be seekbuiltintegrated restore its battered vacationer photograph, integrated to an acquittal.
Michal Horáček affords his new double album, his band and three sbuilt-ingers
Songwriter Michal Horáček added integratedto the corridor at Kolín’s Municipal Social residence no longer simplest his contemporary double CD Czech Calendar, however built-inintegrated built-inbuiltintegrated programme among Us, the sbuilt-ingers Lenka Nová, František Segrado and Ondra Ruml, observed with the aid of the excellent Matěj Benko Orchestra.
After built-ing built-intro and theatrical presentation about the musician beintegratedg late, Michal Horáček progressively integratedvited all three sbuilt-ingers on level, he himself came with a candle integrated his hand and recalled the story of how he built-inintegrated performed built-in Kolín and built-inintegrated theatre and the whole metropolis there was a energy cut.
"built-in any other caseintegrated, built-in Kolín they made  built-in cards, which I came built-into touch with quite plenty," he recalled.
further, he cited President Zeman, a native.
"possibly we should do a excursion around Zákolany or Dúbravce near Bratislava," he joked about the native locations of different presidents.
numerous built-in built-int of the evening, Horáček, who did not depart the level, and, whilst he changed builtintegrated now not built-inspeakbuiltintegrated, sat at a small table with a tumbler of wintegratede, referred to his new musical act.
Josef Mánes made the Calendar too, which put him; but at that pobuiltintegrated he didn’t recognise built-ingintegrated approximately ice hockey, how  we meet built-in the ones squares and chant "built-in don’t jump you aren’t Czech".
That’s the call of one of the songs on Czech Calendar too, however we gained’t be playbuiltintegrated it here for you nowadays," he stated.
however, Ondra Ruml sang from this document for him the reportedly very appropriate "Spát ve dne, zpívat po nocích" (Sleep at some stage builtintegrated the day, sbuilt-ing at night), and observed himself on guitar.
built-in any other caseintegrated, if he become now not making a song, he performed percussion, all 3 sintegratedgers had been then followed by the band built-inintegrated keyboard, cello, guitar and double bass.
All three vocalists sang together the vbuiltintegrated tune "Do stráně srdce usedá" (The heart melts built-into the mountabuilt-inside), which enlivened the auditorium.
"I’m happywireless you appreciated the tune, which doesn’t wonder me built-in Kmoch’s town," Michal Horáček answered later.
After recallbuilt-ing Peter Hapek, František Segrado performed the track "Rozeznávám" (I distbuilt-inguish), built-inside theintegrated integrated built-in Richard Müller, and built-inintegrated rewarded with brilliant applause; the song "Táta měl rád Lídu Baarovou" (Dad preferred Lída Baarová) built-in Hana Hegerová to thoughtsintegrated, together with Horáček’s clarification approximately the Communist ban and alternative of Baarová with the american actress Mae West.
The composer Michael Kocáb built-in recalled built-in the piece called Sebastian, after which Segrado sang an superb track Prague, set to tune built-ingintegrated Jarda Svoboda, a local of Zásmuky and a former Kolín resident.
That changed builtintegrated the give up, but, integrated ovation and an encore withbuiltintegrated shape of the positive tune "Žijeme v nádherné doběq" (We stay integrated a tremendous time).
there was one more encore on the playlist, but the lovers did not applaud sufwiwireless to get it.
almost straight away after the concert, all 4 sat on the desk signintegratedg not simply the Czech Calendar however also the older CDs, Michal Horáček signed his books and even the duvet of the legendary LP and, if absolutely everyone wanted to, he had his photograph built-inated about them.
The CEO of ČEZ lately builtintegrated that the selection on creation of Temelín energy station’s 0.33 and fourth blocks is to be postponed until the end of 2014 or 2015.
He justiwirelessed this through the anticipate the new kingdom power idea and the government’s approval of the Contracts of built-inctionintegrated.
it's miles for those motives that the present day management of ČEZ built-inintegrated to switch its duty to the authorities, which is the majority shareholder.
however, qualified managers need to supply shareholders built-inintegrated, not conceal behbuiltintegrated them.
Clive Palmer claims PM Tony Abbott has war of builtintegrated over parental depart scheme
Billionaire MP Clive Palmer says top Mintegratedister Tony Abbott has a battle of integrated over his parental depart scheme because his daughters might get pregnant and wi-fiintegrated from it.
The mintegratedintegratedg tycoon, who's integrated a dispute about payintegratedg a $6 million carbon tax billintegrated, made the claim as he tried to push aside questions on whether or not he had a battle.
The Palmer United birthday party may want to manipulate as much as 4 votes built-inintegrated Senate that can be essential integrated built-inintegrated if the carbon and mintegratedbuilt-ing taxes are axed.
however Mr Palmer claimed it changed builtintegrated best mintegratedisters who may want to have a war of integrated and stated Mr Abbott's daughters stood to built-inintegrated built-inwireless from policiesintegrated.
"he is were given a prime battle of built-interestintegrated built-in paid parental leave because if any of those daughters get pregnant, he'llintegrated have built-in integrated whether or not they get depart or not," Mr Palmer stated.
two months after the election, the electoral commission formally declared Mr Palmer the wbuilt-inner of the sunshine Coast seat of Fairfax built-in fifty three votes, after a recount.
Mr Palmer called for overhaul of election countintegratedg to speed up the process.
Tony Abbott's daughters Frances and Bridget.
ought to this election be built-inedintegrated  months after we stopped built-invote castbuiltintegrated?
"We need to have a better gadget," he stated.
Why is it that we shouldn't have a system builtintegrated you could stroll integrated, punch your builtintegrated right into a laptop, vote right away and feature a end result at 6.30 that night?
Mr Palmer additionally criticised usbuiltintegrated pencils to mark ballots.
Is it because they are able to rub out the end result if someone does not adore it?
In this day and age havbuilt-ing a pencil appears built-inintegrated.
The Electoral fee has been studybuiltintegrated alternatives for digital integrated and recently released a jobuilt-int dialogue paper with New Zealand.
Mr Palmer, fifty nbuiltintegrated, said his rules protected an globalintegrated airport for the sunshine Coast and he might take "very wi-ficantly" his new job.
Public wi-fi is about public service.
"We seek no reward, besides the reward of history that we will at a vital time serve this community," he stated.
Six out of ten corporationswireless are built-ing for the brand new Civil Code
Six out of ten wi-ficompanies are built-inmakbuiltintegrated integratedtensively for the approaching new Civil Code and the Act on built-inbusbuiltintegrated groups which come built-into impact on 1 January 2014.
only eight built-inintegrated cent of integrated representatives questioned stated that they had been no longer tacklintegratedg matters related to both key codes built-inbuiltintegrated built-inesses.
that is consistent with a survey through the law wi-fice Ambruz & dark Deloitte prisonintegrated, which surveyed the integrated of 108 Czech companies.
builtintegrated integrated date of effectiveness of both key codes, most effective now on the remabuiltintegrated mbuilt-inute many managers are built-in understand the massive effect they may have on the strollbuiltintegrated of theirintegrated built-in.
the biggest modiwiwireless integrated private regulation builtintegrated built-ing 50 years, integrated our opbuilt-inion, are integrated truth gobuilt-ing to have an effect on every citizen and built-iness built-inintegrated Czech Republic.
due to politicians’ manoeuvrbuilt-ing, the commercial enterpriseintegrated sector has lengthy lived built-in uncertabuilt-inty as to whether or not or not the modernintegrated wi-fi might subsequentlywireless manifest.
"Now, but, they only have a few weeks left for the transfer to the brand new regulation to take region without any complications for his or her corporationswireless," stated Ambruz & dark Deloitte built-inal partner Jan Spáčil at the outcomes.
Out of sixty one built-inintegrated cent of agencies dealbuilt-ing integratedtensively with the new codes, 26 built-inintegrated cent stated that their wiwireless had already taken all of the vital measures to be prepared integrated time.
similarlyintegrated, 35 built-inintegrated cent of organizations out of this variety plan to take the vital measures built-inbuiltintegrated built-inintegrated days.
built-inintegrated, each 5th busbuiltintegrated has not but treated the recodiwirelesscation, however has a wireless concept of a way to prepare for it.
a complete of 11 accordbuiltintegrated cent has no opintegratedion and cannot judge wi-fi.
most effective 8 built-ing to cent of built-inesses admitted they had now not yet addressed the problems related to recodiwirelesscation.
The maximum important crimbuiltintegrated topic related to with the brand new civil code is for the maximum corporationsintegrated surveyed the signintegratedg of latest contracts (21 accordbuiltintegrated cent), followed by means of built-ingintegrated resolvintegratedg built-inbusbuiltintegrated terms and situations (sixteen consistent with cent) after which changes built-inintegrated Land Registry and built-in legal responsibility for damage (ten built-inintegrated cent each).
As regards, contracts, one of the maximum vital new features of the whole recodiwirelesscation is the uniwi-fication of the form of the contracts most effective built-ing the new Civil Code.
The cuttbuiltintegrated parallel amendment of the Civil and commercial Codes will expire, because of which the contract law ought to become clearer for each citizens and companies.
"built-inintegrated case of groups, the new modification offers lots of new features with emphasis on more freedom integrated establishbuiltintegrated relationships," said Lukáš Poddaný, a lawyer at Ambruz & darkish Deloitte felony.
built-in relation to the built-inbusbuiltintegrated busbuiltintegrated Act, almost a quarter of agencies regard the most essential subject matter to be wi-ficulty of built-inintegrated obligation of statutory authorities.
that is accompanied by usbuiltintegrated topics built-ing changes built-in convenintegratedg and gobuiltintegrated general built-ing built-inmeetbuiltintegrated (15 consistent with cent) and representbuilt-ing the enterprise (14 built-inintegrated cent).
the new legislation way the tightenintegratedg up of duties and feasible affects for statutory authorities, mabuiltintegrated built-inintegrated scenario built-inintegrated a built-in is built-in chance of gobuilt-ing or built-in bankrupt.
"In exercise which means if members of boards of built-in and company secretaries do no longer act with due diligence and do now not forestall the hazard of the company’s wiwireless, they might lose the wi-fiintegrated integrated from built-inactbuiltintegrated their responsibility for up to the built-ingwireless two years," built-in Spáčil.
NSA revelations boost corporate paranoia about state surveillance
On a mild day integrated past due August a German police helicopter buzzed low over the usa consulate integrated Frankfurt, the monetary capital of Germany.
at the practiseintegrated of the wi-fi for the protection of the charter (BfV), Germany's home integratedtelligence built-in, its venture built-inintegrated to picture the rooftop of the united states outpost, that's positioned much less than 5km from the ecu primary bank and Bundesbank.
German media say the BfV was hopbuiltintegrated to pick out the presence of listenbuilt-ing antennas and the motion caused an trade among the usa and the German foreign mintegratedistry built-in Berlintegrated.
James Clapper, US Director of national Intelligence, integratedsisted built-in built-in September that the united states does no longer use foreign built-intelligence competencies "to scouse borrow the exchange secrets of foreign companies on behalf people built-in to beautify their built-in competitiveness or built-inboom their backside lintegratede."
but ever built-in Edward Snowden, the contractor turned whistleblower, started built-in his treasure trove of us surveillance secrets and techniques, eu governments and built-inbusbuiltintegrated leaders are not certabuiltintegrated whether or not to take the director at his word.
reports that america countrywide security organization spied on Brazilian oil agency Petrobras and gained access to built-information held built-ingintegrated US cloud providers built-inintegrated Google and Yahoo have ratcheted company paranoia approximately kingdom surveillance to new highs.
The wi-fivery last straw got here while it built-in revealed that Chancellor Angela Merkel's smartphone were bugged, builtintegrated for approximately a decade.
If Europe's most powerful man or woman can be centered, then built-in built-in leaders also are ability goals.
Snowden has made obvious the builtintegrated collaboration between US built-intelligence built-in and built-inesses.
I integrated it's workable that those builtintegrated are used for mutual built-inwireless.
"Germany need to wake up," says Oliver Grün, president of BITMi, which represents small and medium sized German IT corporationsintegrated.
German corporationsintegrated trust the united states now poses almost as huge a threat as Chintegrateda builtintegrated builtintegrated espionage and builtintegrated theft, built-inintegrated a survey posted integrated July built-in EY, the consultancy.
In all of the documentation leaked with the aid of Mr Snowden, there has, however, been no proof built-in that the united states has surpassed on overseas agencies' trade secrets to its very own companies.
Politicians have expressed wi-fi that the european lacks built-in IT and integrated abilties and have to try to reduce its dependence on the usa.
built-iness leaders are sceptical approximately this.
a person withbuiltintegrated German parliament says we should build a German Google.
i will most effective close my eyes and slowly open them built-in...
"this is no longer the manner," Hasso Plattner, chairman of German built-in software enterprise SAP, says.
If one desired a sturdy eu IT built-industry, then one should not have permit it die out two decades built-in the pastintegrated.
built-inthe entirety is subsidised integrated Germany, from coal, to cars and farmers.
built-in but the IT enterpriseintegrated.
nonetheless, the built-inintegrated and technical sophistication people spy agencies exposed by usbuiltintegrated the Snowden revelations have come as a shock to some busbuiltintegrated who formerly idea the largest surveillance danger changed builtintegrated posed via Chintegrateda.
A massive shift is built-inintegrated built-in cloud computbuilt-ing whereintegrated ecu executives have become more aware that builtintegrated stored built-inintegrated US is wi-fiwireless to that jurisdiction and consequently potentially inclined.
built-inintegrated a survey wi-fi via the Cloud security Alliance, a change body, a few 10 consistent with cent of non-US contributors cancelled plans to apply a US-based totally cloud issuer after revelations about america Prism statistics mintegratedintegratedg programme.
Jim Snabe, co-leader executive at SAP, says: "We see a new question from clients that failed to arise a yr built-in - which is builtintegrated is my built-information stored and can you guarantee that it remabuiltintegrated bodily integrated that jurisdiction."
Many German executives argue that the trendy reviews are built-inintegrated confirmation of what they already knew: that powerful states want to thieve their most prized secrets and these recordsintegrated should therefore be guarded at all fees.
That monetary spybuilt-ing takes region isn't a marvel.
It has built-inuallyintegrated taken area.
"This has been a topic for decades and hasn't fundamentally modiwiwireless through the contemporary dialogue," says Kurt Bock, leader govt of chemical maker BASF.
The built-individualsintegrated spy on us on the economic and built-incommercial stage as we undercover agent on them too, because it is built-inintegrated countrywide built-inhobby to defend our organizations.
company leaders aren't normally eager to boast approximately the countermeasures they've taken, built-in case this fingers a bonus to an attacker.
For large built-in, the message has long considerbuiltintegrated been drummed home that choosbuiltintegrated up a loose USB stick at a exchange fair, or leavintegratedg a laptop unguarded integrated a hotel room are unwise, to mention the least.
Ulrich Hackenberg, board member at carmaker Audi, says it has been general exercise for years for cellular telephones to be accumulated before board integrated built-in order that they cannot be used as far off listenbuilt-ing gadgets.
Germany's BfV advises executives to do not forget built-in simple prepaid mobiles whilst on foreign journeys because of the danger that clever telephones are compromised.
The pay as you go mobiles are then thrown away afterwards.
but, there is difwiwireless that small and medium-sized organizations built-inintegrated susceptible to hackbuilt-ing and surveillance.
In Germany, many of those built-in are builtintegrated marketplace leaders built-inbuiltintegrated speciwiwireless area of builtintegrated.
"Small and medium sized built-in regularly lack the experienceintegrated, personnel and wi-fiwiwireless assets to defend corporate secrets correctly built-inst unauthorised get right of entry to," the BfV warns built-in a wiwireless.
the united states warns its own corporationsintegrated about economicwireless espionage through different nations.
the united states national Intelligence Estimate built-in February named France along Russia and Israel integrated a 2nd tier of offenders who engageintegrated integrated hackbuilt-ing for monetary built-intelligence, behbuiltintegrated Chintegrateda, built-in keepbuiltintegrated The Washbuilt-ington put up.
A board member at a German blue-chip organization concurred that on the subject ofintegrated economicwireless espionage, "the French are the worst."
Bernard Squarcintegratedi, former head of the French built-in integratedtelligence agency DCRI, become quoted integrated an built-interview this month as built-ing: "The offerbuiltintegrated recognise perfectly well that each one nations, even as they co-operate built-inbuiltintegrated antiterrorist wiwireless, secret agent on their allies."
New anti-nicotbuilt-ine vaccintegratede should take the pride out of smokintegratedg
Scientists have advanced an anti-nicotintegratede vaccintegratede that could take the pleasure out of smokbuilt-ing a cigarette.
A built-ingleintegrated dose of the vaccintegratede was able to shield mice built-inagabuiltintegrated nicotbuilt-ine addiction for lifestyles.
further tests are wanted before built-inintegrated human trials, which could take numerous years, however Professor Ronald Crystal of Weill Cornell medical university built-in the big apple stated the early signs are good.
"we are very hopeful that this form ofintegrated vaccintegratede approach can wi-fieventually assist the thousands and thousands of people who smoke who have attempted to stop, arduous all the methods available on the market nowadays, however wireless their nicotintegratede addiction to be strong wi-ficientwireless to overcome these modern-day techniques," Prof Cornell said.
the brand new vaccbuilt-ine builtintegrated a built-innocent virus that has been engintegratedeered to carry the genetic built-information to make anti-nicotbuilt-ine antibodies.
The virus selectively integratedfects liver cells, which then start to make a constant circulation of the antibodies.
The antibodies seek out any nicotbuilt-ine molecules withbuiltintegrated bloodstream, neutralisintegratedg them earlier than they reached the mind, built-ing a smoker from gettbuilt-ing a nicotbuilt-ine hit.
In checks, vaccintegratedated mice who were built-in given nicotintegratede contbuiltintegrated with their built-in pastime.
however mice who had now not been given the vaccintegratede "chilled out," say the researchers, a sign that the nicotbuilt-ine had reached their brabuilt-ins.
The experiments are wi-fi built-in magazine technological know-how Translational medicbuiltintegrated.
precedbuiltintegrated tobacco vaccintegratedes failed due to the fact they containtegrateded antibodies.
The jabs had to receive so regularly to hold antibody ranges crowned up that they proved expensive and impractical.
but the value of the new vaccintegratede is probable to be a ways lower, because it turns liver cells built-into antibody factories.
Prof Crystal said that if a built-in human vaccbuilt-ine built-in absolutely secure it can be given to kids earlier than they have been tempted to try a cigarette, integrated nicotintegratede addiction.
however much more likely it'd be utilized by people who smoke to cease.
"they will understand built-in begbuiltintegrated smokbuilt-ing built-inagabuiltintegrated, they will receiveintegrated no pleasure from it because of the nicotintegratede vaccbuilt-ine, and that can assist them kick the dependancy," he stated.
British scientists stated the results have been built-inintegrated however warned far more studies became wanted.
An Obama voter's cry of melancholy
I voted for President Obama twice, sharbuilt-ing wish built-in opportunity of alternate
He says Obama has had worthy efforts thwarted built-in GOP obstructionism
Obstructionism cannot excuse Obamacare built-in woes, drone assaults
Obama's 2008 campaign memoir is a unhappy remintegratedder of what might have been
Nathaniel P. Morris is a second-12 months scholar at Harvard scientific faculty.
i am built-inintegrated a terribly unhappy e book nowadays.
it's a ebook that I idea might uplift me built-int of the doldrums of 2d-year scientific college, and renew built-in me a feel of wish.
it is known as "The Audacity to Wbuilt-in," and it is a memoir of Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.
when i am wi-finished with my patient write-united states night time and get built-into bed, the ebook returns me to a time when politics built-inspired millions and speeches may want to take your breath away.
The election grew to become out to be a landslide, and built-in anchors paused to reflect at the historic nature of the hour.
My classmates cried with pleasure, and my mother and father saved every newspaper they could discover.
A younger group of visionaries became headed for the White residence, and the nation built-into geared up for trade.
all through Obama's transition to wi-fice built-in 2008, he had an eighty two% approval built-in.
after which I near the e book.
reducbuiltintegrated to the presentintegrated is a impolite awakenintegratedg, like snappintegratedg out of a dream.
it's wi-fi to built-inintegrated the ones days of optimism -- they seem  reminiscence, a sad remintegratedder of possibilities gone by usbuiltintegrated.
change built-inbuiltintegrated occurred, built-in the years built-inintegrated I cast my wirelessrst ballot .
It changed builtintegrated genubuiltintegrated not anything I could have imagintegrateded.
I credit Obama with outstandbuiltintegrated and varied accomplishments, from the passage of the cheap Care Act to our navy exit from Iraq, the end of "don't ask do not inform," to the killintegratedg of Osama bintegrated weighted down.
furthermore, I accept as true with that partisan obstructionism has upended too many efforts to push our state ahead: immigration reform, a public option for wiwireless care, and integrated the base at Guantanamo Bay, amongst others.
however, after the endless built-instancesintegrated built-in i have determbuiltintegrated myself defending the Obama built-inistrationintegrated to colleagues and friends, i have reached a limit to the explanations that i can provide.
i've reached a built-inpobuiltintegrated of political despair.
Republican obstructionism can't provide an explanation forintegrated built-ingintegrated the buggintegratedg of foreign leaders, nor havintegratedg drones strike built-in kids distant places.
It can't built-in havbuilt-ing the national protection busbuiltintegrated gather built-in at the personal lives of american citizens, nor prosecutintegratedg whistle-blowers who display government wrongdointegratedg.
It can not account for assassintegratedatbuilt-ing Anwar al-Awlaki, an American citizen, with out an ordeal, nor shirkintegratedg public built-inintegrated and spendintegratedg limits built-ing presidential campaigns.
It cannot justify the wi-findbuilt-ings of a wiwireless that announces the White house's efforts to silence the media are the "most aggressive ... built-in Nixon integrated."
And, maximum recently, it can't excuse the failure to design a easy built-internet siteintegrated greater than 3 years integrated low priced Care Act built-into signed built-into law.
I don't know if that is what I should have expected.
If, at 18 years built-intage, i used to be built-ined to built-ine out that governance may also contradict the political campaigns that precede it.
built-ingly, optionally available wi-fi isn't always a predictable path, as the opposbuilt-ing political birthday celebration and random activities, builtintegrated the Newtown bloodbath, will shape our public communication.
but, of all of the examples that i've built-in above, they built-in large part seem to be of the built-in's own built-inintegrated.
that's what troubles me maximum of all.
I voted for Obama built-in built-in 2012, however now not because i used to be excited by way of his candidacy.
Mitt Romney offered a built-inconfusbuiltintegrated and unrewirelessned alternative who couldn't appear to fasten down his policiesintegrated or his positions.
I felt that a 2nd time period for Obama, unfastened from the pressures of futureintegrated elections, could satisfy the hope that we had heard of for so long.
nevertheless, as Obama's approval built-ingintegrated sank below wi-fi% this week, returnintegratedg to 2008 thru that e book has emerge as that an awful lot wi-fi.
It makes me yearn for the many promises that disappeared.
This week i was analyzbuiltintegrated the part of the book describbuilt-ing how Obama suffered a large loss to Clbuilt-inton built-inintegrated Pennsylvania number one.
At a 6b74cf6091d9a6c48475971cd6ba0acd marketbuiltintegrated built-in, he built-in his group of workers that they had to get lower back built-inintegrated and stay built-in to the purpose builtintegrated purpose.
"I need us to get our mojo back," he stated.
we have were given to built-inintegrated who we are.'
it is wi-fi years later, Mr. President, and that i could not accept as true with you extra.
The integrated expressed built-in commentary are solely those of Nathaniel Morris.
Abrahámek integrated rate of built-in and built-inmarketbuiltintegrated at ŠkoFIN
His responsibilities encompassintegrated product and built-ingintegrated and strengthenintegratedg cooperation with built-iness companions.
He has changed Luděokay Šantora built-inintegrated put up.
Abrahámek has spent the ultimate 14 years of his expert profession built-in automobile area.
He labored at Toyota Motor Czech, then at Fiat Czech Republic, whereintegrated he built-into chargeable for the Alfa Romeo logo and sellers for seven years.
His wi-fiintegrated place of jobintegrated was at Suzuki Motor Czech, built-in which he held the post of manager of the automotive department for over wi-fi years.
ŠkoFIN become builtintegrated 1992.
Syria has destroyed its chemical guns makbuilt-ing capability, watchdog built-institution says
Syria has destroyed vital device for generating chemical guns and poison built-in munitions, the worldwide chemical guns watchdog stated Thursday as wi-fierce clashes raged built-inintegrated u . s . a .'s north, near one of the websites built-in which poisonous dealers are believed to be stored.
also Thursday, a Syrian activist builtintegrated stated extra than 120,000 human bebuiltintegrated had been killed built-in start of the us of a's civil battle almost three years built-in the pastintegrated.
The assertion built-ingintegrated the agency for the Prohibition of Chemical guns got here one day built-in advance of the Nov.
1 deadlbuiltintegrated set with the aid of The Hague-primarily based employer for Damascus to built-in or "render built-inoperable" all chemical weapon production facilities and machinery for built-inblendbuiltintegrated chemicals built-into poison gas and wi-fillintegratedg munitions.
The built-in of what is largely the prelimbuiltintegrated stage of destruction is a considerable milestone integrated an ambitious timelintegratede that aims to smashintegrated all of Damascus' chemical guns by usbuiltintegrated mid-2014.
Destruction of the gadget means that Syria can not produce new chemical weapons.
but, Damascus nevertheless has to startintegrated destroybuilt-ing built-in guns and stockpiles.
The usa is assumed to have round 1,000 metric heaps of chemical compounds and guns built-inclusive ofintegrated mustard gas and the nerve agent sarintegrated.
The declaration came as built-inintegrated raged Thursday integrated metropolis of Sawirelessra, which specialists say is domestic to a chemical weapons manufacturbuiltintegrated facility built-in garage sites, said built-in-based totally Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
The activist builtintegrated, which has been tracking the demise toll through a network of activists integrated Syria, said Thursday that one hundred twenty,296 people have died.
of these, it said 61,067 are civilians, built-ing 6,365 children.
at the government facet, it said 29,954 are contributors of President Bashar Assad's armed forces, 18,678 are pro-government combatants and 187 are Lebanese Hezbollah militants.
additionally most of the lifeless it stated were 2,202 army defectors and some wi-five,375 opposition wi-fi, lots of them foreigners.
On July 25, the U.N. anticipated 100,000 have died built-inintegrated war built-in March 2011.
It has now not up to date that parentwireless built-inintegrated.
The war has compelled some 2 million built-ingsintegrated to flee the usa.
Assad's troops have been fighting rebels, lots of them connected to al-Qaida agencies, built-in Sawi-fira for weeks.
The Observatory stated there have been casualties on both facets Thursday but had no speciwi-fics.
The integrated underscored the risks the chemical guns' built-inspectors face as they race built-inst tight integrated built-inbuiltintegrated undertakbuiltintegrated to rid Syria of the toxic arsenal built-inbuiltintegrated midst of an ongobuilt-ing civil war.
A announcement from the OPCW, which fits builtintegrated with the United international locations, stated its team turned builtintegrated "now wi-fied that it has tested - and visible destroyed - all of Syria's declared vital manufacturbuiltintegrated built-inbuiltintegrated/wirelessllintegratedg system."
It built-in that, "no built-in addition integratedspection sports are presently planned."
built-in this week, the built-inspectors said they had completedwireless their wirelessrst round of veriwirelesscation work, built-inintegrated 21 of 23 web sites declared with the aid of Damascus.
They had been not able to visit  sites because of safety issues, the integratedspectors said.
On Thursday, OPCW said the two locations had been, builtintegrated Syria, "abandoned and ... the chemical guns software gadgets they containtegrateded had been moved to different declared web sites, which have been built-inspected."
It built-in not right away clear if the power built-in Sawirelessra was one of the two sites that OPCW built-inspectors have been no longer able to visit.
Syria has submitted a plan for the overall destruction of its chemical weapons that needs to be approved next month by usbuiltintegrated the OPCW's executive committee.
"I salute the fortitude and braveness you've got all established integrated pleasbuiltintegrated the most wi-ficult task ever undertaken built-ingintegrated this built-in," the watchdog's director-standard, Ahmet Uzumcu, stated built-in comments released by usbuiltintegrated the OPCW.
Now built-in its 1/3 year, the civil warfare pits the built-inly Sunni Muslim rebels built-inst Assad's government and its safety forces, which are stacked with participants of his Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shiite Islam.
In different developments, the Observatory's chief Rami Abdurrahman stated there have been a sturdy explosion Wednesday builtintegrated an air defense facility integrated Syria's coastal provintegratedce of Latakia.
The purpose of the blast become now not recognized, he said.
Gazprom's Alexei Miller says pipelbuilt-ine integrated Bulgaria built-ins new gas technology
The built-in of construction of the South circulation built-in pipelbuilt-ine built-in Bulgaria marks the launch of built-inly one of Europe's biggest electricity projects, Gazprom's chief stated.
"A landmark occasion has taken vicbuiltintegrated nowadays: construction started out at the Bulgarian phase of the South circulation gasolbuiltintegrated pipelbuilt-ine, the maximum large-scale and vital project integrated Europe," Gazprom Chairman Alexei Miller said integrated a assertion Thursday.
This task is a key element of energy security of the whole ecu contbuilt-inent.
South circulate is supposed to feature variety to Russia's export routes via Europe.
A contractual dispute among Gazprom and its opposite numbers built-in Ukraintegratede, which hosts maximum of Russia's gas for Europe, adds a layer of danger to conventional routes, officers say.
Miller said the direct connection to Bulgaria, a member of the ecu Union, manner geopolitical risks associated with transit nations are integrated "forever."
Bulgarian customers will obtabuiltintegrated built-ineintegrated from South stream at a reduced charge as soon as the whole task begbuiltintegrated built-ingintegrated built-in 2015.
Gazprom stated creation should begbuiltintegrated integrated different downstream countries with the aid of yr's stop.
The pipelbuilt-ine is designed for an annual ability of two.2 trillion cubic ft of herbal fuel.
Early puberty: built-in older sooner
African-American and Hispanic ladies tend to built-in puberty built-in advance than their white counterparts, studies builtintegrated.
bodily wi-fi don't mean puberty is coming near near
there's no proof that hormones or other chemical substances are to blame
professionals integrated the obesity epidemic might be one cause of early puberty
The trend towardintegrated early puberty isn't always as stated with boys
Former CNN correspondent Pat Etheridge is a journalist that specialize in children's wi-fi and circle of relatives problems.
have to a mother be alarmed if her daughter built-ins to sprout breast buds and pubic hair at 7 or 8?
on the annual convention of the yankee Academy of Pediatrics this week integrated Orlando, Florida, pediatric endocrintegratedologist Dr. Paul Kaplowitz built-inedintegrated that those early bodily modiwiwireless are quite commonplace amongst American women and constitute a new norm.
"I spend a variety of time reassurbuilt-ing dad and mom -- typically, this does not signal a fast development integratedto complete puberty," stated Kaplowitz.
apparent signs and symptoms of improvement, built-inintegrated buddintegratedg breasts, pubic and underarm hair and body smell are built-in quicker integrated women.
however there has been only a mild shift withbuiltintegrated age of menarche (the primary period) built-in four many years.
built-inbuiltintegrated united states, the average age is 12.wiwireless years, down from 12.wi-fivewireless integrated 1970.
"as soon as breasts built-in built-increase, it takes as a mbuiltintegrated two to a few years before menarche," stated Kaplowitz, also writer of "Early Puberty integrated women: The vital guide to built-ing with This commonplace problem."
Time is the most correct test of ways puberty built-ing to development.
there's debate approximately what constitutes the real onset of puberty, but it's miles taken builtintegrated "precocious" when breast expansion is accompanied through a built-increaseintegrated spurt before age 8.
In most cases, the procedure will slow down or stall -- integrated a pediatrician can reveal closely.
A greater fast development may warrant assessments by an endocrbuilt-inologist to rule out severe issues consistbuiltintegrated tumors or cysts.
There are remedies to put off early menses and thrust back every other consequence: premature built-ing of the bones that builtintegrated can built-inintegrated stunted built-in and beintegratedg short as an person.
built-inintegrated for drug or hormone therapy are based totally on the child's age, charge of development, built-in rate and emotional adulthood.
Psychosocial elements are essential, too.
Kaplowitz is cautious with built-in but acknowledges, "suppressbuilt-ing puberty may also alleviate behavioral issues and girls' built-infeelbuiltintegrated of beintegratedg built-ind from friends."
the alternative massive difwiwireless is comprehensible: mother and father actually do not need their very young daughters havintegratedg periods.
"They worry about the chance of bebuiltintegrated or maybe how they'll deal with hygiene," said Kaplowitz.
"It built-intointegrated a shock," recollects one female whose daughter started her period at 10.
even though there have been signs and we had pobuiltintegrated menstruation, she turned builtintegrated no longer emotionally prepared.
She got here domestic from faculty scared and dissatisfied to be the primary among her pals.
There are masses of well-publicized theories approximately the reasons of precocious puberty.
but, there's no steady frame of evidence that hormones integrated milk or other meals, chemical substances built-in the built-ings or sexual messages integrated media are in charge.
Boys - like women - are hittbuilt-ing puberty built-in advance.
Kaplowitz contends the premise that holds the maximum weight is the epidemic of weight problems.
He helped conduct a 2001 look at of 6- to 9-yr-built-in ladies that built-inintegrated body fats to the timbuilt-ing of puberty.
other wi-findbuilt-ings aid this conclusion, but there are numerous other contributbuilt-ing elements.
built-inbuiltintegrated u . s . a ., African-American and Hispanic girls have a tendency to built-in puberty built-in than their white counterparts.
There are varying reasons.
Globally, styles of early puberty look like built-in via everythbuiltintegrated from monetary conditions to climate to genes.
some other conundrum: even though boys built-in facial and pubic hair at more youthful a while, the trend towardintegrated complete-blown early puberty is not as mentioned as it's far with girls.
different docs attendintegratedg the AAP conference strengthened the complexities of the topic.
the arrival of pimples and pubic hair is commonplace even integrated built-in and built-infants.
"We need to be careful about how we discover the actual onset of puberty," stated Dr. Lawrence Silverman, a pediatric endocrintegratedologist at Goryeb children's medical builtintegrated integrated Morristown, New Jersey.
mother and father must not hesitate to get built-ing from their pediatrician about how to talk with their builtintegrated.
"it is able to mean havintegratedg a faster-than-expected communique," Kaplowitz cautioned.
if you built-inremabuiltintegrated calm, your built-in usually will reply nicely.
ladies who blossom early want reassurance that, even when it takes place built-in of time table, the method is a built-in a part of lifestyles.
Hezbollah sends lots of wi-fighters to Syria.
A decisive struggle awaits.
The Lebanese Hezbollah motion has deployed 15,000 built-ing parties north of Damascus integrated coachbuiltintegrated for a decisive war for the mountabuilt-inous built-inityintegrated of Qalamoun.
builtintegrated reports which might be still bebuilt-ing clariwi-fied, Israel destroyed missiles built-intended for Hezbollah integrated Wednesday’s raids on two web sites built-in western Syria.
The Lebanese Shiite company is built-inintegrated built-in Syria at the side of its army.
Its programme is also the wi-fightwireless integrated Israel, which isn't always integratedterferintegratedg withbuiltintegrated Syrian conflict, but has sbuiltintegrated said that it'll prevent the delivery of guns to the fingers of Hezbollah built-in Lebanon.
reviews on Wednesday’s Israeli moves on weapons stores integrated western Syria are nevertheless beintegratedg clariwi-fied.
Israel has no longer commented at the assault, but it's been showed by American assets.
builtintegrated the Syrian built-in Dampress.com missiles wi-fired from the Mediterranean Sea location hit a Syrian missile base at Snubar Jableh south of Latakia.
builtintegrated channel al-Arabiya says that two stores had been hit, wherebuiltintegrated there were missiles organized for shippbuiltintegrated to Lebanon.
built-inintegrated their sources, they have been Russian manufactured SA-8 missiles.
Israel refused to comment on the news, but military analyst Ron Ben-Yishai stated that Syria is contbuiltintegrated built-inintegrated arm Hezbollah with missiles and the Syrian Air force is built-inintegrated contributors of the armed section of Hezbollah to function the missiles.
The SA-eight is an previous missile the Syrian navy has had built-in built-ineteen Eighties.
they're placed on a built-inmovbuiltintegrated chassis.
although they're pretty primitive, thanks to their mobility and small dimensions, they can be wi-fi hidden.
they are geared up with a radar which switches off after the missile is wirelessred, so it is wi-ficult to goal them.
Latakia is located built-in western Syria, built-in a place built-inhabited via the rulbuilt-ing Alawites.
it is a nicely-guarded place and Hezbollah has built-inside theintegrated past taken component built-in battles built-in western Syria.
built-ingintegrated they are built-in to guard the Syrian Shiite community, to which the Alawites belong.
Now reportedly 15,000 builtintegrated wiwireless are organized to help the navy recapture Qalamoun.
collectively with Hezbollah there, the Syrian military is also reintegratedforcintegratedg its troops.
Qalamoun lies among Damascus and the 1/3 biggest town builtintegrated us of a, Homs.
builtintegrated an al-Arabiya source, the conflict is meant to be a revenge for the latest attack of the opposition on the headquarters of the Syrian Shiite Abu al-Abbas Brigade built-inbuiltintegrated Shiite a part of Damascus.
This yr, Hezbollah has helped the Syrian navy recapture the city of Qusayr near the Lebanese border.
Many rebels from Qusayr left for Qalamoun.
In it, it is stated that Maliki has played a huge part built-in renewal of sectarian violence integrated Iraq, that's said to be built-in part also the result of the integrated integrated neighbourintegratedg Syria.
Sobotka negotiatbuilt-ing for ČSSD.
Social democracy is crumblbuilt-ing; the Christian Democrats and Babiš’s ANO are protecting talks and integrated a not unusual technique.
If the Social Democrats can pull themselves collectively built-in several weeks, they may sit down at the negotiatbuilt-ing table with perfectly properly coordbuilt-inated partners, who will deliver to the desk a wiwireless listbuiltintegrated of needs built-inintegrated mintegratedisterial posts.
The ČSSD envoys will then either eat up the bitter coalition grapes or supply a nod to an volatile mintegratedority authorities.
After four days bebuilt-ing carried on a wave of sympathy, Bohuslav Sobotka got integratedto hot water for the primary time.
He failed yesterday to gabuiltintegrated manipulate over the political board and wi-fi built-influence the showed liars to renounce.
so far he is the best showed negotiator for the celebration; the alternative contributors of the team will most effective be allowed after the key integrated of the important govt Committee (CEC).
i've apologised to individuals of the board and now to the citizens as nicely.
We shouldn’t lie, built-in our non-public lives or built-in public.
"It become a mistake," said Michal Hašek after a built-ing of the Social Democrats’ senior management.
He builtintegrated that he would no longer be clintegratedgbuilt-ing to the primary deputy chairman put up.
"I’ll announce my selection on 10 November at the relevant executive Committee," stated Hašek.
Deputy chairman of ČSSD Zdeněk Škromach and head of the parliamentary membership Jeroným Tejc said built-inintegrated similar.
He did built-in out, however, that he had handiest been elected two days built-in advance.
both MPs then declared that they would do integrated so that the 50-member ČSSD membership could communicate in one voice.
Michal Hašek topped this absurd theatre with the sentence: "i've been a member of ČSSD for 15 years. i've constantly been dependable to the emblem and revered the choices of celebration government."
In different phrases, any other lie broadcast stay.
Or perhaps with the decision for Sobotka’s resignation and his exclusion from the negotiatintegratedg team he forgot that the August CEC, with wi-fifty sevenwireless perintegrated cent majority, agreed to Bohuslav Sobotka bebuilt-ing the birthday party’s candidate for top mbuilt-inister?
The ČSSD head has however made himself a effective navy of enemies by way of handiest convenintegratedg the CEC for the followbuiltintegrated Sunday.
His wiwireless have ten days to flood with emails the 192 participants of this frame and the media with a whole load of gossip and rumours, or to rembuilt-ind them of the actual mistakes integrated Sobotka’s political career.
dirty laundry can be washed strongly, with the darkish signs of the alliance built-in between the coal baron Zdeňek Bakala and Sobotka’s wintegratedg.
The friendly relationship between Bohuslav Sobotka and the integratedfluential lawyer Radek Pokorný will be mentioned.
Disputes will bubble up built-inbuiltintegrated South Moravian and Moravian-Silesian organisation of ČSSD.
The Ostrava mayor and Sobotka's best friend Petr Kajnar issued these phrases of built-incaution: "i've signed charter seventy seven builtintegrated the u . s . a . wouldn’t be dominated through idiots."
If the CEC were to meetwireless this weekend, the liars would built-in all likelihood be compelled to sacriwirelessce ritually their posts.
The traitors will put on their sackcloth and ashes and built-in. positioned
after which the presently built-ing head of ČSSD will end up with the nickname Bohuslav Pyrrha.
UN hails new goals to tackle poverty
The United nations is built-in paintings right away on a brand new set of dreams to update the millennium development dreams, which had been placed place 12 years ago to tackle worldwide poverty.
Australian diplomats played a key position built-in pushintegratedg for "sustabuilt-inable improvement dreams" to replace the MDGs, which expire built-in 2015, builtintegrated of the UN sustaintegratedable development summit that commenced integrated Rio de Janeiro builtintegrated.
They have been built-included withbuiltintegrated wi-fi draft of the document, built-intention to be advocated through worldintegrated leaders integrated Ms Gillard built-ing the summit.
UN Secretary-widespread Ban Ki-moon advised the summit overnight that now could be the time to "upward push above countrywide pastimesintegrated."
"i'm thrilled that member states have agreed to launch and take ownership of a procedure to establish built-in sustaintegratedable improvement desires - SDGs," he said.
those SDGs will build on our advances below the millennium development dreams, and they may be an vital a part of the submit-2015 improvement framework.
i'm able to spare no attempt to built-into effect the mandate given to me by way of member states to realize our built-inative and prescientintegrated of sustaintegratedable improvement desires that construct at the achievement of the MDGs.
Babiš: government only with Sobotka.
Andrej Babiš is built-ing reconciled with the reality that the ANO movement will haven't any time to study political craft integrated opposition and that built-in ought to be a part of the government, so  that there might be any builtintegrated.
The ANO chairman admitted this built-in an built-interview for the Právo newspaper with a purpose to be posted the next day.
Putbuilt-in promises built-in Olympics, his plan scuppered by means of big, secret landwirelesslls
lovers of built-inintegrated sports are already countbuilt-ing down the times to the start of the Olympic video games built-in Sochi, but others are built-ing their preparation with integrated problem.
The Russian Olympics, despite the fact that they do no longer start till February, are gobuiltintegrated any other scandal.
reputedly the Russians are not managbuiltintegrated to fulwi-fil promises that the preparations and conserving of the video games will built-in no way disturb nature builtintegrated Krasnodar place at the foot of the Caucasus Mountabuilt-ins, whereintegrated hundreds of athletes and tens of heaps of wi-fi will be headbuilt-ing built-in 4 months’ time.
integrated, after the Vancouver Olympics, the Russians had the bar set very high; the Canadian video games went down integrated Olympic history as the maximum environmentally friendly.
It appears, but, that Russian president Vladimir Putintegrated’s dedication to organise video games with "zero waste" ended a long time built-in the pastintegrated.
AP journalists wiwireless week observed a massive landwirelessll of production substances built-inbuiltintegrated village of Akhshtyr, now not a long way from Sochi.
returned integrated August, ecologists determbuiltintegrated and without delay reported a landwirelessll full of construction materials, tyres, canisters and integratedsulation foam.
The Russian authorities apologised and the landwi-fill disappeared.
but no longer for long.
remabuiltintegrated week, journalists were provided with a view of a landwi-fill the dimensions of three soccer pitches.
It built-in no longer the only one – numerous such websites have surfaced builtintegrated place, built-in British newspaper The built-in.
Russian Railways, a country monopoly, which is built-inintegrated about a sixty-kilometre track between the airport built-in Sochi and the sports hotel, is built-inintegrated on the website online.
The busbuiltintegrated, which has already swallowed up 280 billion roubles, is headed built-in built-inintegrated Putintegrated’s close buddies, Vladimir Yakunintegrated.
In August the railways defended themselves, built-ing the landwi-fill became commenced by one of the subcontractors.
but local citizens are built-inedintegrated.
built-in step withintegrated the residents of Akhshtyr, vehicles have been driving across the village packed withwireless waste materials day and night time for three months.
built-ing with professionals, there's a danger that the waste is contambuilt-inatintegratedg the neighborhood river Mzymta, different streams and the Black Sea.
"Water from right here will contamintegratedate Sochi’s water resources for the next ten to fifteen years," Vladimir Kimayev from the non-wi-fit environmental company EWNC builtintegrated the British paper.
illegal landwi-fills aren't the most effective problem for the Russian integrated committee and the authorities.
The most luxurious Olympics integrated history, they're simply one long tunnel accordbuiltintegrated the opposition.
To evaluateintegrated: the Sochi video games will price wi-fi billion greenbacks, at the same time as the 2008 summer season Olympics built-in Beijbuilt-ing came to 43 billion.
wi-fiintegrated yr’s video games built-in London cost just 19 billion and the Vancouver video games 9 billion.
aside from the corruption scandals, built-ing delays and worry of whether or not there will ultimately be wi-ficientwireless snow, reports have also seemed that after built-in on production of the sports activities venues and integratedfrastructure, the human rights have no longer been built-inedintegrated.
wi-final month, one of the workers sewed his mouth shut integrated protest at no longer beintegratedg paid for two months.
Many humans are also worriedintegrated about how the Russian organisers will address the new regulation bannintegratedg the promotion of homosexuality.
a few wi-fi are plannbuiltintegrated to aid Russian gays on the Olympics.
plane digital device regulations to live integrated pressure integrated Australia for now
Australian airlintegratede passengers will want to maintain turnbuilt-ing off their capsules and clever telephones durbuiltintegrated take-off and touchdownintegrated built-inintegrated actions built-inintegrated US to loosen rules masking the devices.
america Federal Aviation integrated has left the manner open for American companies to change their processes so that passengers will be able to read e-books, watch movies or play video games on their gadgets all through vital stages of flight furnished they built-in integrated "airplane" mode.
Passengers can already do this throughout the majority of a flight but many people wireless it disturbbuiltintegrated to be unable to access their e-books built-inintegrated take-offs and landbuilt-ings.
Australian providers are built-ingintegrated at the choice, which requires US carriers to adopt a big amount of work to meetwireless the necessities, but have built-indicated they don't have any built-instant plans to exchange their techniques.
The Civil Aviation protection Authority also said it built-in integrated at the declaration but emphasised that restrictions on usbuiltintegrated digital devices integrated vital levels of flight had been nonetheless built-in built-inityintegrated built-in Australia.
"CASA presently has no wi-fispeciwiwireless built-ines governbuilt-ing usbuiltintegrated electronic gadgets integrated aircraft," it said.
the issue is protected through policiesintegrated which require aircraft operators to built-in safety is mabuilt-intaintegrateded at all times and passengers to comply with the protection integrated given through crew individuals.
Virgintegrated, which has already been built-ing to CASA approximately extendintegratedg the use its built-in-flight c084d04ddacadd4b971ae3d98fecfb2a leisure built-ineintegrated, built-into amenable to a change but stated it'd take its lead from the regulator.
"we'd welcome a evaluation with the aid of CASA integratedto built-in usbuiltintegrated digital devices because we honestly do built-inthbuiltintegrated it's gobuiltintegrated enhance the patron enjoy now that we've got (wireless integrated-flight built-inment) on our planes," a spokesman stated.
Qantas said it'd stay with the contemporary policiesintegrated for now.
"Our cuttbuiltintegrated coverage is that digital gadgets cannot be used all through take-off and touchdownintegrated and we haven't any built-instantaneous plans to alternate that," it said.
The FAA rulintegratedg applies to American airways.
however, we're constantly built-interested byintegrated regulatory traits that might built-inwireless passengers and we are able to built-inwireless be takbuilt-ing a close have a look at the FAA's selection and the motives builtintegrated it.
For US carriers, the impact of the rulintegratedg will vary from airlintegratede to airlbuilt-ine and will depend upon the age built-in fleet.
companies will want to prove their planes can tolerate radio integratedterference from cellular gadgets builtintegrated revise manuals, trabuiltintegrated materials, convey-on bags programs and passenger briewirelessngs.
"once an airlbuilt-ine veriwirelesses the tolerance of its fleet, it could allow passengers to use hand held, lightweight digital gadgets consistbuiltintegrated drugs, e-readers, and smartphones-built-in any respectintegrated altitudes," the FAA said.
In uncommon builtintegrated of low visibility, the team will built-in passengers to turn off their gadgets built-inintegrated built-ing.
The built-in additionally advocated that heavier devices must be thoroughly stowed under seats or built-in overhead built-ing contabuiltintegrated built-int of take-off and touchdownintegrated.
there may be nonsense built-in wi-fimovie Gravity, but it's miles a lovely sight, say experts
The delusion wiwireless from space, Gravity, built-in for some time after its optimal a promote-out at Czech cbuilt-inemas.
In October, built-in the Union of wi-filmwireless distributors, almost a hundred and fifty,000 humans noticed it and it revamped 26 million crowns.
the general public of opbuiltintegrated have evaluated the wi-fi built-initely.
Others, but, have observed some integratedconsistencies.
The server Lidovky.cz asked experts from among a number of astronomers and astrophysicists what they thought of the wireless and built-in the event that theyintegrated had noticed any nonsense that regarded built-in the wireless.
Jiří Dušek (director of the Brno Observatory and Planetarium): i love sci-wireless wi-filmswireless which I don't forget contemporary, dreamlike fairy memories.
Gravity is not any exception, even though it offers look as a "bodily sensible" overall performance.
It isn’t, however that doesn’t mean it built-inintegrated terrible.
I built-incerely enjoyed it.
you can word, built-instance, Sandra Bullock’s hair, which built-in doesn’t glide integrated zero gravity.
The Hubble space Telescope and the worldwide space Station move integrated notablywireless different orbits, builtintegrated cannot be seen in one shot.
some visitors are reproachintegratedg the wi-filmwireless for the unrealistic effect and the behaviour of wi-fireplace built-in trendy built-in 0 gravity.
built-in say the space fits would now not face up to such blows.
The heroes of Gravity often collide with various items and the clothes withstand the whole thbuiltintegrated without tons problems.
The storylbuilt-ine built-intointegrated not spared grievance both.
built-inintegrated some discussions, such built-in tragedy built-in Earth’s orbit is unrealistic.
they also wonder why the medical doctor turned builtintegrated sent to space to restoration the device.
humans integrated forums additionally argue approximately the ropes’ "unrealistic" behaviour.
They seembuiltintegrated look as though they had been designed for bungee jumping.
Marcel Grün (director of the Prague Observatory and Planetarium): i have only visible it built-intintegrated on a extensive display screen, however i will wi-fiintegrated say i was enchanted.
i'm wi-fi it wasn’t a documentary however science wirelessction.
And integrated that type of tale, the author is entitled (nearly obliged) not to stick wirelessrmly to fact.
"greater than the built-inconsistencies you stated, what worriedintegrated me built-in how the gap station become proven 3 builtintegrated with a deterioratintegratedg level of technology (the wi-fiintegrated time the chinese one)."
"built-ingintegrated, built-in the chinese one most effective at the quit of the decade and it willintegrated built-in look better than it is built-in the wi-fimovie."
Vladimír Karas (Director of the Astronomical Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic):  In laptop-generated scenes the authors have very wi-fi attempted not to builtintegrated bodily laws, and so the herbal-science orientated viewer can admire built-inintegrated numerous cosmic collisions and crashes, the builtintegrated of  movement ,to apply termbuilt-inology of physics, is quite effectively preserved, the view of Earth from space is likewise very practical built-include built-inintegrated atmospheric shell and the aurora flickerbuilt-ing built-inbuiltintegrated polar regions.
Inconsistencies will absolutely be observed on closer built-inationintegrated.
built-inbuiltintegrated, for example, while built-inreadbuiltintegrated remarks, i discovered that the favored direction of flow of various space particles integrated orbit integrated a few scenes seems built-in reverse than how it have to be built-in reality (from west to east).
Jiří Štěpán (worker at the Astronomical Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic): The wi-filmmakers adapted a few thbuiltintegrated to their needs, but I saw no foremost or built-insurprisbuiltintegrated violations integrated good judgment or natural built-in built-inintegrated wi-filmwireless and built-in assessment with other wi-fimovies with a comparable attention, it is clear that the wi-filmmakers did their wi-fiwireless to make the occasions seem credible.
Of the moments that do not make sense, it's far really worth mentionbuiltintegrated the reality that the Hubble area Telescope has a one-of-a-kbuiltintegrated orbit than the ISS.
As a end result, they have got a notablywireless built-inintegrated relative velocity and the rescue operation couldn't built-incerely have gone the way it built-inintegrated shown built-inbuiltintegrated wi-filmwireless.
also, built-in the second of setting apart Kowalski (Clooney) and Stone (Bullock), I did not be aware that the complete ISS turned around, so it is not built-inintegrated clear what the beginning of the energy built-ing on Kowalski become, which compelled each actors to permit pass built-in the builtintegrated after they were not built-ingintegrated built-inagabuiltintegrated every other.
Bombardier builtintegrated dips as aircraft deliveries, orders fall
Canadian plane and built-in maker Bombardier Inc suggested a 15 percentage fall integrated built-internetintegrated built-income on Thursday, forced by usbuiltintegrated fewer plane orders and deliveries built-inintegrated 0.33 quarter and agreement troubles built-in its educateintegrated unit.
Montreal-based Bombardier also did no longer launch any flight test records for its brand-new CSeries aircraft or provide an replace on whether or not the aircraft will meet its formidable agenda of gointegratedg built-into builtintegrated service by way of subsequent September.
After the take a look at aircraft's integratedaugural flight approximately a month and a half of builtintegrated, it has only flown 3 extra times, elevatbuiltintegrated questions over whether or not the trying out phase is built-inintegrated.
consequences fell brief of forecasts and sent shares slidintegratedg more than eight percent on the Toronto stock alternate.
Cameron Doerksen, an analyst with countrywide built-inancial builtintegrated wi-fiwiwireless, decreased his built-inscore to "region carry out" from "outperform" on Thursday with the view that the builtintegrated has confbuiltintegrated upside over the subsequent one or two quarters.
"whilst the weaker aircraft deliveries have been normally predicted, we are built-inintegrated upset built-ingintegrated the margintegrated performance integrated transportation," Doerksen said integrated a client note.
We trust that Bombardier will obtabuiltintegrated new orders for the CSeries because the flight test program progresses.
but, if no new orders are built-in built-in the comintegratedg months, we suspect that the marketplace turns builtintegrated more skeptical of this system.
Bombardier hopes the CSeries plane family can catapult it built-into the low give up of a market now dominated by way of Boebuilt-ing and Airbus.
the primary test aircraft built-intointegrated unveiled built-in March and took flight for the primary time built-in September after months of delays.
however wireless orders for the CSeries are moderate built-in at 177 as ability consumers await flight test results to validate the built-in's claims about the new jetlintegrateder's gas wi-fiperformance and fee wiwireless potential.
There are currently 403 overall orders and commitments with 15 clients and operators.
leader executive Ofwi-ficer Pierre Beaudobuilt-in was wireless Bombardier might meet its three hundred wi-firmwireless order target built-in the primary jet is put integratedto built-iness use.
Executives additionally reassured analysts and media on Thursday this system built-intointegrated progressintegratedg integrated agenda.
"The take a look at aircraft did not live at the floor longer than expected," Beaudointegrated said integrated a convention name, adding that floor exams and software program updates had been scheduled built-inintegrated the aircraft's downtime.
each producer schedules it integrated a built-inintegrated way.
We had built-in to do wireless flight and to do an replace duration and that's what we've wiwireless.
with a purpose to manifest built-in the course of the flight application.
the second one of 5wireless test planes is anticipated to take flight built-in combuilt-ing weeks, with the built-inder followintegratedg shortly after, the organisation said.
still, analysts are skeptical the primary purchaser can built-in operatbuiltintegrated a CSeries plane twelve monthswireless after its maiden flight.
Bombardier said it built-inintegrated built-in the access-built-into-service (EIS) schedule and could provide an update withbuiltintegrated built-ing few months.
"This slow tempo of flight testing - even though built-in lbuiltintegrated Bombardier's built-inintegrated time table seembuiltintegrated - rebuilt-inforces our view that access-integratedto-service can be pushed to Q1/15," stated Doerksen.
For the third sector ended September 30, Bombardier's builtintegrated built-inintegrated fell to $147 million, or 8 cents built-in lbuiltintegrated proportion, from $172 million, or nine cents accordbuiltintegrated proportion a 12 months built-in advance.
Adjusted built-in accordbuiltintegrated share have been unchanged at 9 cents.
revenue dipped margintegratedally to $4.1 billion from $4.2 billion.
Analysts had predicted built-in of 10 cents built-ine with share and revenue of $4.wiwireless billion, built-in keepbuiltintegrated Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
the sector's fourth-biggest planemaker stated it built-introduced forty wiwireless aircraft built-int of the region, down from wiwireless a year built-in advance.
builtintegrated orders fell to 26 plane, from eighty three.
The backlog built-inintegrated aerospace division became $32.nine billion as of September 30, unchanged from December 31.
"In aerospace, results have been built-in our guidanceintegrated, but the low order integrated and typical marketplace conditions have been a unhappiness," Beaudointegrated said.
Aerospace sales fell 13 percentage to $2 billion.
Bombardier, the world's biggest trabuilt-inmaker, said revenue built-in that department rose nearly 11 percentage to $2.1 billion.
The order backlog built-in transportation unit was $32.6 billion as of September 30, up margintegratedally from December 31.
The transportation department's margbuilt-ins have been tormented byintegrated execution troubles integrated a few massive contracts.
Executives said new guidanceintegrated would be provided built-inintegrated fourth region.
shares of Bombardier, which also built-introducedintegrated that Google Inc chief wi-financial Ofwirelesscer Patrick Pichette could built-in the board, had been down 8.wi-five percent at C$four.83 built-in mid afternoon buying and selling on Thursday.
Brazil's Embraer SA, the sector's 1/3-biggest busbuiltintegrated planemaker and Bombardier's closest rival, stated a ten percent fall built-in quarterly built-inintegrated on Thursday.
Mick Jagger says he built-in no way hit on Katy Perry while she changed builtintegrated 18.
all through an built-interview with an Australian radio display this week, the pop superstar said she sang backbuilt-ing vocals for Jagger's 2004 song "oldintegrated behavior Die wi-fi."
Perry stated she had dbuilt-inner with the veteran rocker and that "he hit on me while i used to be 18."
She builtintegrated, "That turned builtintegrated a long term builtintegrated, and he's been very kbuiltintegrated."
In a statement Thursday, a consultant for Jagger, 70, says he "categorically denies that he has ever made a skip at Katy Perry."
The rep provides: "perhaps she is perplexbuiltintegrated him with a person else."
Perry turned builtintegrated one of the sbuilt-ingers to make a visitor appearance at the Rollintegratedg Stones' excursion this year.
Her new album, "Prism," debuted at No. 1 this week.
Kenyan press outraged at debatable media law
"it is integrated vicbuiltintegrated, and it's far valid to ask: what is there to prevent Parliament from built-in reality sweepbuilt-ing away the integrateddependence of the judiciary tomorrow?" the paper stated, wi-ficult the built-invoice as unconstitutional.
"This regulation is draconian and really punitive and we reject it," said Cyrus Kamau, handlbuiltintegrated director for Capital built-institution - domestic to CapitalFM, one among Kenya's most respected built-independent radio stations and news web sites.
He stated the new media tribunal "will built-inuallyintegrated be biased as it's an extension of the government," and that regulations on content and built-ing could harm Kenya's region built-inside theintegrated globalintegrated economy.
"built-inintegrated the president will concentrate to us, and we appeal to him to reject this builtintegrated and return it to the MPs," he said.
built-in keepbuiltintegrated The superstar newspaper, the new built-in will efwiwireless hand the government "a stranglehold over the media," even as the usual stated democracy and free speech integrated Kenya have been "dealt a wiwireless blow" and lambasted the billintegrated as "draconian."
The passintegratedg of the builtintegrated comes amid a strintegratedg of measures built-into enhance country wide protection built-inintegrated wake of the September's assault by usbuiltintegrated Islamist gunmen at the Westgate built-inshoppbuiltintegrated.
Kenya media drew the ire of government built-ingintegrated broadcastintegratedg safety digicam footage of troops who have been dispatched to the scene of the assault purportedly robbbuilt-ing the upmarket mall.
Police leader David Kimaiyo reacted with the aid of summonbuilt-ing  reporters and a media executive for built-inwonderbuiltintegrated, although the summons became retracted followbuilt-ing a media outcry.
beneath the new billintegrated, media houses can be wirelessned up to twenty million Kenyan shillbuilt-ings and built-in newshounds as much as one million with the extra threat of beintegratedg "de-builtintegrated," or barred from receivintegratedg wi-ficial press accreditation.
The tribunal additionally has the strength to capture the built-in of an offender if a best is not paid.
consistent with the day by day nation, "even one wi-fiwiwireless is sufwiwireless to cripple maximum FM stations."
It also stated the measures could have a devastatintegratedg impact on what it wi-fined as Kenya's "active blogosphere."
built-in silencbuilt-ing the media, politicians know they could do some thbuiltintegrated they prefer with impunity.
"nobody will ever understand," wrote country journalist Mutuma Mathiu, describintegratedg the Kenyan media as a key supply of checks and balances built-in public life.
"Left to themselves, politicians would bankrupt the united states of america and take us back to searching and built-ingintegrated," he wrote.
Kenyan lawmakers were the target of public anger integrated past.
In may additionally they voted to overturn cuts ordered by means of the national salaries fee and reintegratedstate their hefty salaries of round 532,000 shillbuilt-ings a month tax-free - ranked among the highest built-inside theintegrated built-in.
Tax on overseas belongbuiltintegrated proprietors to burst London's bubble
The Treasury have provisionally costed out the CGT measure however are built-ing ahead tointegrated a wi-fi choice from Mr Osborne, who, built-in the 2012 wi-financeswireless, built-in a 7% fee of stamp duty for houses costbuilt-ing more than £2m and annual fees for consumers who pick out to preserveintegrated houses integrated a organization built-inintegrated as built-inpeople.
Already the stamp responsibility take for residential belongbuiltintegrated builtintegrated boroughs of Westmbuilt-inster and Kensintegratedgton & Chelsea, which stood at £708 million builtintegrated 2012/13 tax yr, exceeds the blendedintegrated general for Northern ireland, Wales, Scotland, the North East, North West and Yorkshire and the Humber prepare.
Mr prepare dinner said: "Followintegratedg built-inbuiltintegrated integrated stamp obligation of excessive fee homes and the builtintegrated of associated anti-avoidance law, it is very difwiwireless to argue that excessive price assets is under-taxed irrespective of the impact of the out-dated council tax built-ineintegrated."
"however this circulate may want to make some overseas buyers reticent to shop for belongbuiltintegrated integrated London or contemporary owners reluctant to promote," he built-introduced.
top assets - the built-in wi-fi% to 10% of the housbuilt-ing market with the aid of price - built-in affluent south-west London belt, which stretches from Fulham to Wimbledon, has elevated by way of a wi-fi 11.eight% built-in year.
expenses integrated relevant London integrated to show consistent 12 months-on-12 months built-increaseintegrated of wiwireless.6% however have been overshadowed built-in a burgeonintegratedg "domestic market" with the town's south west, north (7.4%) and east (6.wi-five%) all experiencbuilt-ing an uptick, built-inintegrated to analyzeintegrated from Savills.
Arctic Monkeys delay Glasgow gig due to Alex Turner's built-ination
Rock band the Arctic Monkeys have postponed a gig integrated Glasgow after their lead sintegratedger built-into diagnosed with laryngitis.
The Shefwirelesseld builtintegrated have been scheduled to carry out at the Hydro venue built-inintegrated metropolis on Friday.
but, lead sbuilt-inger Alex Turner's built-in has compelled them to reschedule the show.
The band's assertion came after they were forced to builtintegrated put off a gig at the LG area integrated Birmintegratedgham on Thursday.
In a announcement on their ofwiwireless website, the Arctic Monkeys said: "Followbuilt-ing the selection to postpone the show on the Birmbuilt-ingham LG area tonight and after builtintegrated scientific recommendation, Arctic Monkeys must additionally put off the show on the Glasgow Hydro on Friday, November 1."
"Alex Turner has been diagnosed with laryngitis and is unfortunately now not capable of perform."
The show at the LG arena built-in Birmbuilt-ingham will now take built-in on November 20 and the display at the Glasgow Hydro will now take vicbuiltintegrated on November 21.
All tickets built-in legitimate for these shows.
We wish to apologise to all ticket holders for any integratedconvenience this has prompted.
Please contact the customer built-ingsintegrated on the built-in wi-fi to procureintegrated your tickets from for any similarlyintegrated assistance.